The Project Gutenberg eBook, Rogers' Directory of Norwich and
Neighbourhood, by Edward Dawson Rogers


This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions 
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at 
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.




Title: Rogers' Directory of Norwich and Neighbourhood


Author: Edward Dawson Rogers



Release Date: December 10, 2020  [eBook #64006]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8


***START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ROGERS' DIRECTORY OF NORWICH AND
NEIGHBOURHOOD***


Transcribed from the c1858 Jarrold and Sons edition, using scans from the
British Library, by David Price.





                                 ROGERS’
                           DIRECTORY OF NORWICH
                                   AND
                              NEIGHBOURHOOD.


                                * * * * *

                                * * * * *

                      (ENTERED AT STATIONERS’ HALL.)

                                * * * * *

                                * * * * *

                      PRINTED FOR THE PROPRIETOR, BY
                JARROLD AND SONS, LONDON STREET, NORWICH.




PREFACE.


IT is never pleasant to have to make apologies; and yet there are some
circumstances under which an apology is a duty, and therefore, whether
pleasant or not, should be tendered cheerfully.  The present is a case in
point.  The work should have been published earlier, and would have been
had it been possible.  The truth is that the “Guide to Streets, &c.,” was
a novel experiment, and the compiler—having nobody’s experience to guide
him—thought the task an easier one than it turned out to be.  It was at
first imagined that the matter for this “Guide” could be obtained
simultaneously with the information for the Directory itself.  The
attempt proved the mistake.  It was found that to do both well they must
be done distinctly and independently.  Hence chiefly came the delay, to
say nothing of the fact that for many “local habitations” it was very
difficult to find the “name.”  In yards and courts not a few, and in some
out-of-the-way streets even, not one of the inhabitants could give his
whereabouts a designation!  The task, however, has been achieved at last;
and it is trusted that upon the whole the public will think that it has
been achieved well.  A few errors have crept in, doubtless; but no labor
and no care have been spared to avoid them.  The hope is confidently
cherished that the faults of the work will be forgiven for the sake of
its excellencies, especially as the compiler promises to “do better next
time.”




HISTORY OF NORWICH.


NORWICH, a city and county, situate in the centre of the Eastern Division
of Norfolk, consists of 35 parishes and 10 hamlets, covers 6,638 acres,
is nearly 14 miles in circumference, and contained, in 1851, 15,000
houses and 68,195 inhabitants.  The undisputed metropolis of the Eastern
Counties, it has communication both by water and rail with the seaports
of Yarmouth and Lowestoft, while it is doubly connected with London by
the Ipswich and Cambridge lines; and has access to the midland and
northern counties, by way of Peterborough.  Having thus indicated the
_locale_ and dimensions of the “old city,” it is but right that before
proceeding further we should give a brief sketch of its history.  And
this we the more readily do, inasmuch as Norwich has borne a by no means
undistinguished part in those great political and social movements which
have made England what she is.

We should, however, only trifle with our readers were we to express any
opinion upon the origin and paternity of the East Anglian capital, for it
would ill become us to pretend to pierce through the obscurity which
surrounds the early history of this, as indeed of all other cities.  It
is certainly but natural to suppose that Norwich gradually rose round a
military fortress erected on the site which the present Castle partly
occupies; but whether that fortress was raised by some British potentate
whose very name is mythical, or was the work of Uffa, the first Saxon
king of the eastern counties, and whether, it being destroyed by Sweyn,
the present structure was founded by Canute, it would profit us little to
discuss.  Declining, therefore, these bootless speculations, we find that
in the reign of Edward the Confessor, “Northwic” contained 1300
burgesses, boasted of 25 churches, and was already of sufficient
importance as to constitute a “hundred;” while in 1085, as appears by the
Doomsday Survey, its burgesses had increased in number to over 1500, and
its churches to 45.  Shortly before this, William the Conqueror had
appointed its first Norman governor, Ralph de Guader, or Waher, who,
however, marrying the monarch’s niece, Judith, without his consent, and
afterwards conspiring against his sovereign, was obliged to flee to
Brittany; his bride, after a three-months’ siege in the castle, during
which the city suffered much damage, was compelled to capitulate.  The
office, which included the earldom of Norfolk and some considerable
estates, was then conferred on Roger Bigod, the founder of a baronial
house illustrious in English history. {2}  In the following reign the
city rose in importance by the translation, in 1094, of the Bishop’s See
from Thetford—where indeed it had barely been fixed a quarter of a
century; having, up to 1070, been located at North Elmham, then a place
of note, and subsequently a favorite residence of the diocesans.  The
then bishop, Herbert de Lozinga, for having _purchased_ his preferment of
William Rufus, and for other simoniacal practices, was required, after
the fashion of the times, to prove his contrition by a substantial
atonement.  He accordingly purchased a meadow, called Cow Holme,
extending from the castle ditches to the river; and in 1096 laid the
foundation of a cathedral church, proceeding with such expedition, that
in five years he was able to place 60 Benedictine monks in the new
priory.  About this period many Jews from Normandy settled in the city;
popular prejudice, however, was strong against them, and in 1137, on a
charge of crucifying a boy in Thorpe wood, large numbers of them were
ruthlessly slaughtered.  Carrow Abbey, we may here mention, dates its
origin from the middle of the 12th century, the site being granted by
Stephen for a nunnery, where the daughters of the noble and the affluent
were wont to be educated.

A century later, and we find the lay and clerical elements in rancorous
hostility.  Perpetual animosities between the citizens and the monks rose
at last to such a height, that the priory was, in 1234, entirely
destroyed; while 38 years subsequently, the cathedral itself was well
nigh demolished—an offence for which the city was visited with the
terrors of an interdict.  The injury, however, was not irreparable, for
with a fine of 3000 marks imposed on the principal inhabitants, and with
some liberal donations, the edifice was sufficiently restored as in 1278
to be consecrated by Bishop Middleton, in the presence of Edward the
First and his queen, Eleanor—the first royal visit of which we have any
reliable evidence.  A wall was, moreover, raised round the Cathedral
precincts—St. Ethelbert’s Gate being erected by the citizens; and this
seems for a time to have prevented further dissension.  Between the two
epochs of contention above-named, arose the first recorded charitable
institution in Norwich—Bishop Walter de Suffield founding St. Giles’
(commonly called the Old Man’s) Hospital, for the triple purpose of
ensuring masses for his soul’s repose, providing an asylum for
superannuated and infirm priests, and furnishing a refuge for 13 aged
persons; to the last object only, it is hardly necessary to say, is the
building now devoted; and enriched by subsequent benefactions, the
hospital accommodates 50 of each sex, who, on admission, must have
reached 65 years of age.

Another noticeable feature which must by no means be overlooked while
dwelling on this period, is the enclosure of the city, from Conisford or
King street to Pockthorpe, by a wall.  This important work, a testimony
to the increasing prosperity of the city, as well as to the turbulence of
the times, was commenced in 1294 and completed in 1320; but it was not
till two and twenty years afterwards that, through the munificence of one
Richard Spynk, the wall was flanked with 40 towers, furnished with 12
gates, and fortified by a broad ditch.  The gates remained up to 1792,
and the wall, though now built upon on every side, may yet be traced for
almost its entire length, being especially prominent as the southern
boundary of Chapel Field, and offers many a study to the antiquarian and
the historian.

In 1340 and 1342 Edward the Third held grand tournaments in the city, and
in 1348 the heir apparent, the Black Prince, with his mother Philippa,
also visited Norwich, and were entertained at a cost of £37 4s. 6d.  A
more unwelcome visitor quickly followed; for in seven months 37,000
persons are said to have perished by the plague, by which the city was
alarmingly depopulated.  It was about this time that the Castle began to
be used as a county prison, which was authorized by an Act of 14 Edward
III., though a military governor continued still to be appointed.  In
1381, cotemporaneously with the Wat Tyler rebellion in the south, John de
Litester, a dyer, at the head of a large body of the disaffected,
pillaged the houses of the wealthy, but was speedily overthrown by the
forces of Bishop Spencer.  This very warlike ecclesiastic was a fierce
enemy of the Lollards, who had acquired a strong hold in the city, and he
imprisoned Sir Thomas Erpingham, who had shown a warm sympathy for the
reformed doctrines; but in the parliament of 1400 the king directed them
to “shake hands and kiss each other in token of friendship.”  The
reconciliation was apparently sincere, for the baronet became a
munificent benefactor to the church.  He erected the Erpingham gateway,
and rebuilt the monastery of the Black friars, now known as St. Andrew’s
Hall.  This noble building was not, however, completed until the time of
his son Sir Robert, himself a member of the fraternity.  On the
dissolution of the monasteries by our royal Bluebeard, the property was
obtained by the Corporation for the sum of £81, and became devoted to the
guilds and other secular purposes.

In 1403, in consideration, as it appears, of a gift of 4000 marks, (for
most of our ancient liberties were purchased) Henry IV. conferred
municipal institutions on the city, and would also have increased its
representatives—for Norwich had returned two members since 1296—to four,
had not the citizens represented their inability to meet the increased
expense which their services would have occasioned.  William Appleyard
was the first mayor, and he celebrated his year of office in the fine
flint building then just erected, lately used as a Bridewell, and now as
a tobacco manufactory.  In 1407 the Guildhall was commenced, on the site
of a small thatched erection, called a toll-booth, used for collecting
the market tolls.  Henry V., in 1415, visited the city, and, we are told,
left his coronet in pawn for 1000 marks, which he doubtless required for
his French wars; but 25 years afterwards Norwich was in sad disgrace at
court, for as a rebuke for suing Henry VI. for £100 which they had lent,
the charters were suspended.  A few years after, however, the city was
visited by that unfortunate monarch, and in 1469 by Edward IV., who,
writes John Paston, “hath been worshipfully received into Norwich, and
had right good cheer and great gifts”—with which he was so well pleased
that he speedily paid another visit, when some grand pageants were
performed, though interrupted by “heavy and continuous rain.”

But we now come to a catalogue of disasters: the Cathedral was seriously
injured by fire, 1463; the fatal plague ravaged the city, 1479; and in
1505 and 1507 there were great fires, in the latter year 718 houses being
consumed, which obliged the corporate authorities to prohibit the
erection of thatched buildings.  In 1517, disputes between the citizens
and the monks being again rife, Wolsey came over on a mission of
mediation, but it was not till several years afterwards that peace was
restored by the settlement of the civil and ecclesiastical boundaries and
jurisdictions.  We must not forget to notice the burning of the martyr
Bilney, after an imprisonment in a dungeon of the Guildhall; and scarcely
were the lurid fires of persecution extinguished before a memorable
political outbreak exposed the city to the ravages of contending armies,
and excited the anxious consideration of the youthful Edward’s ministers.
The details of Kett’s rebellion are too well known to require
recapitulation; suffice it to say that after obtaining possession of the
city and defeating the Marquis of Northampton in an encounter on Palace
Plain, the insurgents were dispersed by the Earl of Warwick—Robert Kett
being executed at the Castle, and William at Wymondham.  To close a
paragraph of casualties, persecutions, and tumults, we must record the
visitation of the sweating sickness, striking down near 1000 victims in
1551, and of the quartan ague six years later; the conviction of several
citizens in 1570, for participation in a plot for assassinating the
queen, re-establishing Popery, and expelling the strangers “out of the
citye and realme,” of whom four suffered death, and others confinement
for life; and the imprisonment in the Castle of certain persons
apprehended in Suffolk for “refusing to come to the church in time of
sermons and common prayer.”

Turning from these saddening scenes, we note the foundation, in 1557, of
Caius College, Cambridge, by a Norwich citizen of that name, (but
sometimes spelled Keyes, whence, we suppose, the pronunciation of the
word,) physician to three sovereigns of the house of Tudor, and a man of
learning.  He was one of the first of a long line of distinguished men
educated at our Grammar School—an institution of ancient date, but which
did not become located in the present venerable structure until the reign
of Elizabeth.  And this mention of “Good Queen Bess” reminds us of her
visit to the old city in 1578, spending a week in all sorts of
festivities, pageantries, and amusements, to the unutterable delight of
her loyal subjects.  Nearly a century was destined to elapse ere Norwich
was honored with another sight of royalty; and as there is a back-ground
to every picture, so all this rejoicing was followed by the dread
calamity of the plague—introduced, indeed, it was supposed, by some of
the Queen’s attendants—and which slew five thousand victims.

The succeeding half century is chiefly characterised by ecclesiastical
commotions, of which the fact that within little more than 60 years the
diocese had _twelve_ bishops, may be taken as one indication.  Of these,
the first, John Parkhurst, who died about 1575, was favorably disposed
towards the church polity of Calvin, and opposed, as far as he could, a
passive resistance to the harsh injunctions of his Primate (Parker, a
native of Norwich) against the Puritans; Edmund Freke, his successor,
deprived many nonconforming ministers of their livings, and imprisoned
Robert Brown, the first separatist from the Establishment, and whose
ideas of church government are mainly identical with those of the present
Congregationalists; a third—Matthew Wren, father of the famous architect,
was censured and imprisoned by the Parliament, on a complaint by the
people of Ipswich, that he had, in two years, suspended or deprived fifty
ministers, and driven 3000 persons, with their manufactures, to Holland,
to the prejudice of the trade of the kingdom; Joseph Hall, the last of
the twelve, was a man much esteemed for his mild disposition, and for the
purity of his style was termed the English Seneca.  Though at one time
harshly treated by the Roundhead soldiers, he was ultimately restored by
the Commons to the full possession of his revenues, and spent the latter
part of his life in a quiet retreat at Heigham, (now the Dolphin Inn,) in
the church of which parish he was interred, though a passage in his will
runs thus—“I do not hold God’s _house_ a meet repository for the bodies
of the greatest saints.”—(_Neale’s History of the Puritans_.)  Of the
Civil War, the period in which this worthy bishop lived, there is but
little to record.  Norwich seems from the first to have given an
unhesitating support to the Parliament, and was assessed at £53 yearly
towards the maintenance of the Earl of Manchester’s forces.  That there
was, however, a party in the city who leaned to the King’s side, is shown
by a tragical occurrence in 1648.  John Utting, the mayor, had been
complained of for not carrying out the ordinances against images; but
upon a _poursuivant_ being sent to require his attendance at the bar of
the House to answer the charge, a violent tumult arose; the rioters
obtained possession of the military depôt, (whose site the Bethel now
occupies,) and 98 barrels of gunpowder being accidentally fired, 200
persons were killed or wounded by the explosion.

Coming down to 1671, we must chronicle the visit of the “Merry Monarch,”
with his Queen and brother, who were sumptuously entertained by the Duke
of Norfolk, as well as by the civic grandees: an animated description of
the city at this period—with its ducal palace, its prosperous
manufactures, and the priceless cabinet and botanical gardens of the
famous Sir Thomas Browne (whose monument may be seen in St. Peter’s
church)—is given by Macaulay.  Ten years later, James, Duke of York, paid
a second visit; but in 1687 he had, as king, forfeited all popularity by
his arbitrary interference with the corporation; and the representative
of the house of Howard, riding into the market at the head of 300 knights
and gentlemen, amid the acclamations of the citizens, declared for a free
parliament.  It was the son of this duke, who, taking umbrage at the
mayor’s forbidding his comedians entering the city with trumpets,
demolished the whole of his ancestral palace, said to be the largest town
house in the kingdom out of London, and which, from Christmas to
Twelfth-night, was wont to be open to all comers.

Henceforth politics almost disappear, and the remainder of the narrative
must be confined to matters of purely local interest, which may be very
briefly chronicled.  From 1696 to 1698, a mint was established here, and
coined about a quarter of a million of money.  In 1732 the Market and
Charing crosses were taken down; in 1731 the St. George’s
Company—incorporated 1416, and the principal of the city guilds—resigned
their charters to the corporation.  In 1761 a coach was started between
Norwich and London, to run the distance in twenty hours, it having
hitherto taken two days in summer and three in winter.  An inundation in
the following year, flooded nearly 300 houses.  In 1771 the Norfolk and
Norwich Hospital was founded, William Fellowes, Esq., of Shotesham,
laying the first stone.  In 1776 an act was obtained for making a
turnpike to Thetford.  In 1785 the first balloon ascent seen in the city
took place, Major Money being the adventurous aeronaut.  In 1791 the
barracks were erected, at a cost of £20,000.  In 1824 the first Musical
Festival was held, and was conducted by Sir George Smart; its chief
promoter was Mr. Edward Taylor, now Gresham Professor.  The same year the
City Gaol was built, in lieu of an old building on the site of the Public
Library—the Shirehall is of about the same date; the Museum was founded
in 1825, and in 1828 the Corn Exchange was erected.  In 1835, June 16,
the last guild-day celebration took place, 800 ladies and gentlemen
dining in St. Andrew’s Hall; the late Mr. T. O. Springfield was, in the
following January, elected the first mayor under the Municipal Reform
Act.  In 1837 Dr. Stanley was appointed bishop; this beloved prelate
expired in 1849, about two years after the death of the equally beloved
and philanthropic Joseph John Gurney.  In 1844 the Yarmouth railway was
opened, in the following year the Norfolk, and in 1846 the Ipswich and
Colchester line.  In 1854, the mayor, (then Mr. Samuel Bignold) was
knighted by her Majesty, on presenting an address from the Corporation,
on the war with Russia.  In 1857 the Free Library was opened, and the
first stone was also laid of the New Workhouse.

Having thus brought down the political history of the city to the present
time, we propose to offer a review of the origin and progress of the
manufactures of Norwich, on which its prosperity has so materially
depended, and indeed still depends.

As a manufacturing city, Norwich first comes into notice in the reign of
Henry I.  In 1108 an inundation in Flanders induced many of the sufferers
to try their fortunes in England; some of them settled at Worstead,
(whence the name “worsted”) and afterwards at Norwich.  In the following
reign more Flemish emigrants came over; and they introduced the weaving
of wool.  The weavers, in Henry the Second’s reign, formed themselves
into guilds, and obtained charters; but it was not till the time of the
third Edward that the next great advance was made.  This wise king
invited into the kingdom a large number of the countrymen of his consort,
Philippa of Hainault, who were skilled in weaving woollen and worsted.
They were principally located in the eastern counties; Norwich was fixed
as the staple for Norfolk and Suffolk; and an act was passed prohibiting
the wearing of any but English cloth—a piece of protectionist policy at
which we may smile, but which was no doubt then very commendable.  In
several following reigns great complaint was made of the “craft and
deceit” practised in the making of serges, says, fustians, &c., and
wardens were appointed to supervise the “true making thereof.”  Trade in
these articles seems to have declined about the period of the
Reformation, and attention began to be paid to dornecks and coverlets;
and in the reign of Mary, the manufacture of “light stuffs”—the same
fabric as the Naples fustians, and resembling the bombazines of later
years—was introduced.  In 1565, however, there was much distress in the
city through the decay of the worsted trade, and the corporate body
obtained permission to “import” 300 Dutch, but too glad to avoid the
persecution of the merciless Alva, who brought with them the art of
weaving with a warp of silk or linen, as well as of dyeing and other
processes.  In five years their numbers increased to 3000, (in London
there were nearly 4000) and in 1575 their elders exhibited to the
authorities a mixed fabric of silk and worsted, termed bombazine.
Religious persecution, however, drove many back to their fatherland, now
liberated from the intolerant Spaniard; but Cromwell’s policy of liberty
of conscience and unfettered trade, remedied the mischief thus
occasioned.  In Charles the Second’s reign, the lower west room of the
Guildhall (the Criminal Court) was the Cloth Hall, and the chamber over
(now Sword-room) was devoted to the sale of wool and yarn.  Wool-combing
was now a source of great employment, (it was carried on here until
1808,) and the anniversary of its patron saint, Bishop Blaize, was
celebrated with much pomp; while the manufacture was so extensive as to
be described as “such as England never knew in any age.”  Shortly
afterwards an additional branch of industry was opened, the French
refugees introducing the making of crape, which soon became very popular,
and under Sir Robert Walpole’s administration, a public mourning was
ordered to be in Norwich crape.  About the middle of last century the
trade of the city is generally supposed to be at its zenith, its
productions being exported to all the continental markets; after this
period the increasing use of cotton goods inflicted a heavy blow on the
manufacture of woollen fabrics, while even in the latter, Norwich became
exposed to the competition of Yorkshire mills, which occupied vantage
ground from their proximity to iron and coal mines.  In 1776 there were
alarming riots on the part of the weavers, owing to lack of employment
and the dearness of provisions.  The American and French wars supervened
in rapid succession—the latter closed most of the foreign markets, and
thus inflicted incalculable injury on the city.  Broad bombazines,
poplins, camlets, fillover and other shawls, have been introduced at
different periods since 1780; the bombazines are nearly superseded by
paramattas, &c., and bareges, balzarines, &c., in every variety of
design, are now manufactured.  Of the yarns chiefly used, the wool is
mostly from Australia, the silk from China, (though some from India and
Italy) and the mohair from Angora; an inferior description is, however,
obtained from Asia Minor.

We must not forget to notice the opening of the shoe manufacture in the
city, which gives employment to a considerable number of persons of both
sexes: nor must we overlook the starch and mustard works of Messrs.
Colman.

Appended is a brief statement of the particular branches to which the
principal factories are devoted:—Messrs. Middleton and Answorth, and
Messrs. Bolingbroke, are famed for their poplins, and for the production
of crinoline—the material being horsehair from South America.  Messrs.
Clabburn, for fillover long shawls, by a patented process, which gained
the Paris Exhibition medal.  Messrs. Willett and Nephew—paramattas, and
many plain and fancy fabrics.  Messrs. Grout and Co. (also of Yarmouth
and Bungay)—silk crape.  Mr. Geary and Mr. Sultzer, cotton fabrics—the
latter establishment also carries on the winding of cotton on reels.
Messrs. Blake and Mr. Jay—spinning of woollen and mohair yarns.  Messrs.
Towler and Co., and Messrs. Rowling and Allen—plain and fancy fabrics.
Mr. G. Allen—woven silk for gloves.  Messrs. Hinde—bareges and
paramattas.

Other important departments of trade, too numerous to be enumerated, are
also carried on; such as sacking, tobacco, brushes, egg-flour, artificial
manures, &c., &c.




PLACES OF WORSHIP.


CHURCHES.


We have already alluded to the fact, that in the reign of William the
Conqueror there were 45 city churches; and it appears from an inventory
of the ornaments in the churches of the Norwich archdeaconry—commenced by
William de Swyneflete in 1368, and continued to about 1419—that at that
period there were 55 churches in use, exclusive of the Cathedral and
conventual churches, besides the following which had then been desecrated
or annexed to other parishes: St. Wyndwall, or Catherine in Newgate,
(consolidated with All Saints, the parish being nearly depopulated by the
plague in 1349), St. Olave’s Chapel, St. Michael Conisford, St. John the
Evangelist, St. Cuthbert, St. Matthew, St. Christopher (united with St.
Andrew), and St. Anne.  Of the 55 then in use, the following, however,
have long ceased to exist as parish churches; St. Botolph, St. Margaret
Newbridge, St. Mary Combust, St. Margaret Colegate, St. Olave, (the two
last named were taken down and consolidated with St. George at Colegate),
St. Cross, St. Bartholomew (united with St. John at Sepulchre), St.
Michael, (Ber Street,) St. Edward, St. Clement Conisford, St. Vedast, and
St. Mary Parva (now the French Church).  St. Mary in the Marsh was
desecrated in 1653, and the parishioners have since used St. Luke’s
Chapel, in the Cathedral.

We append a statement of all the edifices now standing, in connection
with the Established Church, commencing of course with


THE CATHEDRAL.


The present structure is considered by some to be mainly the work of
Bishop Alnwyck, temp. 1430, and this prelate is generally supposed to
have completed the cloisters—one of the finest quadrangles in the
kingdom, commenced by Ralph de Walpole in 1297.  The edifice is
principally in the Norman style.  The nave is divided into fourteen
semi-circular arches; its roof is attributed to Walter Lyhart, the second
bishop after Alnwyck.  The large west window has recently been filled in
with stained glass, as a memorial to Bishop Stanley.  The nave itself
contains the tombs or monuments of Chancellor Spencer, Bishop Nix, Bishop
Parkhurst, Dean Gardiner, Sir James Hobart, (Attorney-General to Henry
VIII.) and Bishop Stanley; while in the church are the monuments of
Bishops Goldwell (1472) and Bathurst.  Attached to the Cathedral were
several chapels, but these have mostly been demolished.  The interior
generally suffered much defacement at the hands of the iconoclasts of the
16th and 17th centuries; in 1740 the nave and aisles were repaired, and
in 1806 the whole fabric was restored and beautified.

The present bishop—appointed in 1857—is the Right Rev. J. T. Pelham, D.D.
Dean—the Hon. and Very Rev. G. Pellew, D.D.  Archdeacons—Norwich, Ven. R.
E. Hankinson; Norfolk, Ven. W. A. Bouverie; Suffolk, Ven. T. J. Ormerod.
Canons—Revs. M. Wodehouse, A. Sedgwick, G. Archdall, and H. Philpott;
besides 23 honorary and 4 minor canons.

ALL SAINTS, a small structure, with a square tower and three bells,
contains an antique font with curiously carved figures of St. Paul and
other apostles.  The living is consolidated with St. Julian, and the
joint benefices were returned in 1831 at £246 per annum.  The Rev. T.
Gurney is rector.

ST. ANDREW, next to St. Peter Mancroft, the finest church in the city—was
rebuilt in 1506.  The font is massive.  In the north aisle is a costly
monument, with effigies of Sir John and Lady Suckling, of whom there is
an annual commemoration.  The curacy is in the gift of the parishioners;
the Rev. A. C. Copeman was elected in 1857.  Out of the proceeds of the
sale of the church ornaments at the Reformation, the parish paid £17
towards the repair of the gates and walls, and £20 to that of the Great
Hospital—both injured in Kett’s rebellion.

ST. AUGUSTINE, an unpretending edifice, with a tower and three bells.
Rev. M. J. Rackham, rector.

ST. BENEDICT, a small building with a round tower.  The parishioners are
the patrons; perpetual curate—Rev. W. Goodwin.

ST. CLEMENT, one of the most ancient fabrics in the city.  In the
churchyard is the tomb of the parents of Archbishop Parker, rebuilt over
the original, in 1823, by Caius College; and also the “Leper’s tomb.”
Rev. R. Rigg, rector.

ST. EDMUND, a small structure, founded in the time of the Conqueror, has
a tower and one bell.  Among the relics formerly preserved here, was a
piece of the shirt of St. Edward the King and Martyr, kept in a box of
crystal, and visited with great reverence.  The Rev. G. B. Everett,
rector.

ST. ETHELDRED is a small fabric, with a short tower and one bell.  In the
burial-ground was formerly an anchorage, which continued till after the
Reformation.  Rev. J. Deacon incumbent.

ST. GEORGE AT COLEGATE is a large, handsome, gothic structure, rebuilt at
different periods, and has a lofty tower.  In the chancel is a fine altar
tomb to Robert Jannis, a great benefactor to this church; and near it a
beautiful mural monument to John Herring, Esq.  The window over the
communion table is of stained glass.  In a vault is buried the elder
Crome, the distinguished painter, who died in 1821.  The Rev. A. W.
Durdin, incumbent.

ST. GEORGE AT TOMBLAND consists of a nave, chancel, and side aisles, and
has a handsome square tower; it was erected by the parishioners in 1445.
In the interior are spacious galleries, and many monumental inscriptions.
Rev. K. Trimmer, incumbent.

ST. GILES, founded in the reign of William the Conqueror, by Elwyn the
priest, who gave it to the monks of Norwich, was rebuilt in the reign of
Richard II., and is now one of the handsomest churches in the city.  The
tower, 120 feet high, contains a clock and eight bells, and is surrounded
by a cupola and battlement.  The chancel has been demolished since 1581,
when the dean and chapter, to quit themselves of the expense of repairing
it, gave all the materials to the parish, for “a stock to be put out for
the encouragement of poor trades.”  There are many curious old brasses,
and several neat mural monuments.  Rev. R. Sedgwick incumbent.

ST. GREGORY is a lofty gothic structure, consisting of nave, side aisles,
and chancel, the latter built in 1395; since which, the whole pile has
received many reparations.  The font is very large, having an octagonal
top, and on its eight sides the four evangelists, and figures emblematic
of the four quarters of the globe.  In the nave is a fine brass
reading-desk, in the shape of an eagle with expanded wings.  Among the
monuments is one to Sir Francis Bacon, a Judge of the Court of King’s
Bench, in the time of Charles II.  Here are also some ancient brass
inscriptions.  Rev. W. R. Sharpe, incumbent.

ST. HELEN—or the Great Hospital, previously mentioned as founded by
Bishop Suffield, was originally built like a cathedral, in the form of a
cross, with nave, tower, aisles, and transept; the tower is all that
remains entire, but the cloisters are still almost perfect.  The men’s
apartments occupy the refectory and part of the nave and aisles, while
the choir is appropriated to the women’s.  Rev. W. F. Patteson,
incumbent.

ST. JAMES’ (with Pockthorpe), is a small building, rebuilt in 1743.  The
font has some fine panel carvings.  Rev. J. Ross, incumbent.

ST. JOHN MADDERMARKET, a handsome church, consisting of nave, side
aisles, and a fine tower, was founded before the survey made in Edward
the Confessor’s time.  The lead was removed, and the roof covered with
slate in 1835.  It contains many ancient sepulchral inscriptions, with a
few brasses and several neat mural tablets.  Lady Margaret, Duchess of
Norfolk (second wife of the duke beheaded in Elizabeth’s reign), died at
the Duke’s Palace in 1563, and was interred with great pomp on the north
side of the choir, where a mural monument was raised to her memory in
1791.  Rev. J. Perowne, rector.

ST. JOHN SEPULCHRE was founded before the Norman conquest.  Rev. T.
Calvert, incumbent.

ST. JOHN AT TIMBERHILL, so called from the timber market formerly held on
the plain adjacent, has a small wooden steeple, in place of the tower
which fell down in 1784.  Rev. S. Titlow, incumbent.

ST. JULIAN, the smallest church in the city, and one of the oldest, was
founded before the Conquest, and had an anchorage or hermitage in the
churchyard.

ST. LAWRENCE is an ancient Gothic fabric, with a fine tower; was rebuilt
in 1472.  Over the west door are two ancient carvings, one representing
the martyrdom of St. Lawrence.  Rev. P. U. Brown, rector.

ST. MARGARET has a square tower, in which were five bells till 1830, when
four of them were sold to assist in defraying the expense of covering the
structure with blue slate.  Rev. J. W. Cobb, rector.

ST. MARY AT COSLANY was built in 1477, and contains six antique stalls.
Rev. C. Morse, incumbent.

ST. MARTIN AT OAK derived the latter part of its name from a large oak,
formerly standing in the churchyard, with the image of St. Mary in it.
This was much visited in superstitious times, and several legacies were
given towards repairing and _painting_ it.  The oak now standing on the
site was planted about 60 years ago.  On an alabaster tomb are effigies
of Jeremiah Ravens and his wife.  Rev. C. Caldwell, incumbent.

ST. MARTIN AT PALACE is an ancient structure, where, in early times, a
boys’ singing school was kept.  Rev. A. Braddell, incumbent.

ST. MICHAEL AT COSLANY is a handsome structure, with a lofty embattled
tower, containing a clock and eight musical bells.  The interior of the
church is handsomely decorated.  The altar-piece represents the
Ascension, and the four evangelists; and the floor in front is paved with
black and white marble, from the domestic chapel of the Earl of Yarmouth,
at Oxnead.  On the south side is Thorp chapel, erected in 1508, of flint
and freestone, and one of the finest specimens of flint-work in the
county.  The church contains a very old font, several mural monuments,
and some ancient brasses.  Rev. R. Rigg, rector.

ST. MICHAEL AT PLEA, so named from the Archdeacon of Norwich holding in
it his Pleas or Courts, is built in the form of a cross, and has a square
embattled tower.  There are some ancient paintings near the pulpit, well
worthy of inspection.  Rev. C. Morse, rector.

ST. MICHAEL AT THORN—a large thorn tree still grows in the graveyard—is a
small structure, with a tower, built in 1436.  Criminals executed at the
castle were formerly buried in the churchyard.  Rev. C. T. Rust,
incumbent.

ST. PAUL is a small structure with a round tower, and is in a dilapidated
state.  Rev. B. Cook, rector.

ST. PETER HUNGATE, so called from the bishop’s hounds being formerly kept
in the parish, is built of flint and stone.  Rev. S. Titlow, rector.

ST. PETER OF MANCROFT, the finest church in the city, was rebuilt of
white stone in 1455.  It has a noble tower, 98 ft. high, with a splendid
peal of twelve bells, exchanged for the old peal of ten in 1775, at a
cost of £800.  The font stands under a canopy supported by pillars,
forming a baptistry on a raised platform, which there is room enough to
walk round.  The church was greatly beautified about twenty years ago, by
the putting in stained glass windows, with figures of the apostles.
Among the church plate is a beautiful large cup cover, on which is
represented Abigail bringing presents to David, presented by Sir Peter
Gleane, 1633.  In the vestry is a portrait of Sir Thomas Browne, who was
buried here, and whose coffin was accidentally broken open in 1840, when
the skeleton was found in a good state of preservation.  Several old
books are also preserved in the vestry, including a manuscript bible of
1340, and a beautifully illuminated copy of St. Paul’s Epistles, much
more ancient.  In the church are many monuments and inscriptions.  The
parishioners are patrons, and the Rev. C. Turner is incumbent.

ST. PETER PER MOUNTERGATE—so named from a gate formerly adjacent—was
erected in 1486.  In the chancel are twenty-four stalls, which belonged
to a college of secular priests that stood in the churchyard.  South of
the altar are the tomb and effigies of R. Berney, Esq., and his wife; and
in the nave is interred Thomas Codd, mayor during Kett’s rebellion.

ST. PETER OF SOUTHGATE is an ancient building, with a square tower.  Rev.
J. Deacon, rector.

ST. SAVIOUR, a small fabric, dedicated to the Transfiguration, has a
square embattled tower, and contains several neat mural monuments.  In
Bishop Oxford’s time it was appropriated to the almoner of the cathedral
convent.  Rev. W. H. Cooke, incumbent.

ST. SIMON AND JUDE contains some ancient brasses, and several monuments
and effigies of the Pettus’ family, upon one of which is a recumbent
figure, in complete armour, of Sir J. Pettus, the first of the family who
was knighted.  The church is of great antiquity, and was held by the
bishops before the removal of the see to Norwich.  Rev. C. Holloway,
rector.

ST. STEPHEN is a commodious gothic structure, with two side chapels, and
a square tower at the west end.  The nave is divided from the aisles by
fluted columns with pointed arches, and the east window is richly
beautified with stained glass.  There are several old brasses and many
mural tablets.  In the vestry is a manuscript description of the church,
written by Benjamin Mackerell, author of a history of Lynn; also a
curious old alabaster carving.  The church has lately undergone repairing
and restoration.  Rev. E. Evans, vicar.

ST. SWITHIN is a neat structure, with a square tower and three bells.
During the cleansing of the church in 1834, an ancient portrait of Edward
the Confessor was found nailed under one of the seats, where it is
supposed to have been placed for security during the civil wars.  The
altar-piece is a painting of Moses and Aaron.  On the font are carved
emblems of the Trinity, Eucharist, and the Passion, with the arms of East
Anglia.  Here are also three stalls.  Rev. R. C. Cavell, rector.

The following are the churches in the hamlets of the city:—

CHRISTCHURCH (New Catton), which is in the parish of St. Clement, was
erected in 1841.  It is built of brick and flint, and cost £2500.  Rev.
R. Wade, incumbent.

ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST (Old Lakenham), situate on a declivity commanding a
fine prospect; has a handsome font.  The vicarage is united to Trowse
Newton.  Rev. G. Carter, incumbent.

ST. MARK (New Lakenham) was erected in 1844, and has 1000 sittings.  It
cost upwards of £4000; and has a nave, tower, and three bells.  Rev. G.
I. Pellew, incumbent.

ST. MATTHEW (Thorpe Hamlet) was built in 1851, of Kentish rag-stone.
Rev. G. W. Grogan, incumbent.

ST. BARTHOLOMEW (Heigham), a small edifice, contains a mural monument to
Bishop Hall, who was buried here.  Rev. G. C. Hoste, rector.

TRINITY (or the Episcopal) CHAPEL, situate in Union place, Heigham, was
originally a Baptist place of worship, but was consecrated in 1839.  The
rector of Heigham is the officiating minister.

ST. ANDREW (Eaton) is an ancient edifice, having a thatched roof.  It
lies near the river Yare, which separates the county of Norwich from the
county of Norfolk.  The father of Henry Kirk White was buried here.  Rev.
G. Day, incumbent.

ST. MARY (Earlham), also on the Yare, is a picturesque structure,
bedecked with ivy.  Rev. J. H. Payne, rector.

ST. MARY (Hellesdon) stands just within the city boundary, part of the
burial ground being in the county.  The rectory is consolidated with
Drayton.  Rev. H. Howell, rector.



CHAPELS.


The OLD MEETING HOUSE, Colegate street, was erected in 1693 by the
Independents, a congregation of which body had existed in Norwich since
the Commonwealth.  They had originally assembled in a brewery in St.
Edmund’s, and afterwards in the “west granary” of St. Andrew’s Hall.  The
Old Meeting is built of red brick, fronted with four Corinthian
pilasters.  The Rev. John Hallett is the minister.

PRINCE’S STREET CHAPEL, another Independent place of worship, was erected
of white brick, with boldly-displayed cornice and pediment, and a Doric
portico of four columns.  The cost was upwards of £4500.  The Rev. John
Alexander has been the minister ever since its erection.

A third CONGREGATIONAL CHAPEL, a very handsome building erected in the
vicinity of Chapel Field, was opened in 1858.  Rev. Philip Colborne,
minister.

The TABERNACLE, St. Martin’s at Palace—originally built by the
Calvinistic Methodists—was, in 1775, purchased by the Countess of
Huntingdon.  Rev. J. J. J. Kempster, minister.

ST. MARY’S (Baptist) was rebuilt in 1811 and enlarged in 1839.  Its chief
feature is a beautiful vaulted roof.  The Rev. Joseph Kinghorn was for
many years the pastor.  Rev. George Gould, minister.

ST. CLEMENT’S, another Particular Baptist place of worship, was built in
1814, at a cost of £5000.  Rev. T. A. Wheeler, minister.

ORFORD HILL CHAPEL, also Baptist, was opened as a chapel in 1832.  Rev.
T. Corbet, minister.

EBENEZER CHAPEL, Surrey Road, was built in 1854; a gallery was
subsequently added.  The congregation had previously assembled in the
Bazaar, St. Andrew’s; the minister being the Rev. R. Govett, who, some
years since, seceded from the Established Church.

There are several smaller structures in connexion with this denomination.

The GENERAL BAPTISTS, established in the city since 1686, have a chapel
in St. James’, erected in 1812 on part of the site of the White Friary.
Rev. Thomas Scott, minister.

The OCTAGON (Unitarian) CHAPEL, St. George’s, is a handsome building, of
the shape implied by its name.  It is surmounted by a dome, supported by
eight Corinthian pillars.  It was erected in 1756, on the site of the old
Presbyterian Meeting-house.  Dr. John Taylor, and Dr. Enfield (compiler
of the Speaker) preached in this chapel.  Rev. J. H. Hutton, minister.

The SOCIETY OF FRIENDS have two meeting-houses in Norwich; one of which,
in Upper Goat Lane, is a fine white-brick structure, with Doric portico,
and lighted by a dome lantern.  It was rebuilt in 1826.  The other is the
GILDENCROFT MEETING HOUSE, St. Augustine’s, erected in 1680.  There is a
spacious burial-ground attached, in which are deposited the remains of
Joseph John Gurney, Mrs. Opie, and other eminent Friends.  This building
is supported by two lofty oak pillars, cut out of single trees.

The ROMAN CATHOLICS have also two chapels.  That in St. John’s
Maddermarket is an ancient but plain structure, rebuilt in 1794; that in
Willow Lane, called the Chapel of the Apostles, is a handsome building,
erected in 1828.  The windows are of stained glass, and the interior
decorations are very striking.

The DUTCH CHURCH, in St. Andrew’s Hall, originally the Conventual Church
of the Black Friars, was granted to the Walloon congregation; but they
now have service only once a year, when a sermon is preached in Dutch and
afterwards in English.  The building is used as a chapel to the
Workhouse, but it is expected that it will be occupied by the Free
Christian Church when the New Workhouse, now being erected near the
Cemetery, has been completed.

CALVERT STREET CHAPEL, built by the Wesleyans in 1811.  Since the recent
disruption in that body, it has been held by the Reformers, or United
Methodist Free Church; as is also the case with NEW CITY CHAPEL, in
Crook’s Place.

ST. PETER’S CHAPEL (Lady’s Lane), held by the Conference Wesleyans, was
built in 1824.

The PRIMITIVE METHODISTS have chapels in Heigham (St. Benedict’s Road),
Lakenham (St. Catherine’s Plain), Cowgate Street, and New Catton.

The FRENCH CHURCH, Queen Street—originally the parochial church of St.
Mary Parva, and afterwards a cloth exchange—was granted, in 1637, to the
French Protestant refugees.  It is now leased to the receivers of the
doctrines enunciated by Emanuel Swedenborg, and the minister is the Rev.
David Goyder.

The FREE CHRISTIAN CHURCH, St. Michael at Plea, which is unconnected with
any particular denomination, was opened in 1852, upon its pastor, the
Rev. Joseph Crompton, quitting the Unitarians, of which denomination he
had been minister.

The JEWS—who were formerly very numerous in this city—have a handsome
synagogue in St. Faith’s Lane.  Rev. S. Caro, minister.




THE MONUMENTAL BRASSES OF NORWICH
AND NEIGHBOURHOOD.


To Archæologists visiting this ancient city, and particularly to those
directing their attention to Monumental Brasses, the following list of
Brasses in Norwich and the principal villages in the neighbourhood, may
be considered useful.  They are classified under their distinctive
characters, namely—1st, Ecclesiastics; 2nd., knights; 3rd., civilians and
ladies; 4th., miscellaneous.  The list specifies those consisting of
effigies generally perfect, with their inscriptions, unless otherwise
mentioned.

An alphabetical list of the churches, with the various brasses in each,
is also appended.



ECCLESIASTICS.

1389.      Richardus Thaseburgh, rector of      _Hellesdon_.
           Hellesdon.
1437.      Galfridus Langley, installed Prior   _St. Lawrence_.
           of Saint Faith the Virgin, at
           Horsham, 1401.
1450.      John Alnwik, in academic costume.    _Surlingham_.
1487.      Roger Clarke, priest.                _St. Peter at
                                                Southgate_.
1497.      Walter Goos, priest.                 _St. Swithin_.
1499.      John Smyth, priest—chalice.          _St. Giles_’.
1499.      Henry Alikok—chalice.                _Colney_.
           Thome Coke, rector of                _St. Michael at
           Bodham.—Chalice lost, inscription    Coslany_.
           only remaining.
           An individual unknown.—Chalice.      _Poringland Magna_.
           Randulphus Pulvertoft; inscription   _The Cathedral_,
           only                                 (_Jesus’ Chapel_),
1531.      William Richies, vicar of            _Bawburgh_.
           Bawburgh.
1545.      Thome Capp, vicar.                   _St. Stephen_.

KNIGHTS.

c1460.      John Toddenham.  A small figure,    _St. John in
            with scroll from the mouth.         Maddermarket_,
                                                _Norwich_.
1499.       Thome Heveningham, and Anne, his    _Ketteringham_.
            wife.—This is a beautifully
            executed brass, and is placed
            under a canopy upon an altar
            tomb.  He died 1499.  The blank
            intended for the date of the
            death of his wife still remains.
1559.       John Corbet, and Jane, his wife.    _Sprowston_.
            He died 1470.  The blank left for
            the date of her death still
            remains.
1565.       Sir Edward Warner.                  _Plumstead Parva_.
1568.       Sir Peter Rede.—Discovered to be    _St. Peter Mancroft_,
            a Palimpsest, in 1851.              _Norwich_.

CIVILIANS AND LADIES.

c1380.      Richard de Heylesdone, and          _Hellesdon_.
            Beatrice, his wife.
1384.       John de Heylesdon, and Johanna,     _Hellesdon_.
            his wife.  An inscription only.
1412.       Walter Moneslee, and Isabella,      _St. John in
            his wife.                           Maddermarket_.
1432.       Robert Baxter, and Christiana,      _St. Giles_.
            his wife.
1435.       Robert Brasyer, and Christiana,     _St. Stephen_.
            his wife.  A celebrated
            bell-founder.
            Roberti Brasyer (mutilated).        _St. Stephen_.
1436.       Richard Purdaunce, and Margaret,    _St. Giles_.
            his wife.
1436.       John Asgar, the younger.            _St. Lawrence_.
c1445.      Alice Thorndon.                     _Frettenham_.
1460.       Thomas Bokenham, and wife.          _St. Stephen_.
c1460.      A Lady (unknown).                   _Frettenham_.
1470.       Jane Corbet, in Brass, of John      _Sprowston_.
            Corbet, and Jane, his wife—see
            “Knights.”
1475.       William Pepyr, and Joan, his        _St. John in
            wife, inscription and four          Maddermarket_.
            shields lost.
1475.       William Norwiche, and Alicia, his   _St. George at
            wife.  A Bracket Brass. Canopy      Colegate_.
            mutilated.
1495.       John Horslee, and Agnes, his        _St. Swithin_.
            wife.
1499.       Anne Heveningham, in Brass, of      _Ketteringham_.
            Thome Heveningham, and Anne, his
            wife—see “Knights.”
            A Lady (unknown).  There are two    _Ketteringham_.
            Inscriptions, with a figure of a
            Child, inserted with this Brass,
            in the wall of the church, which
            do not relate to it.
1501.       Richard Ferrers, Mayor of           _St. Michael at
            Norwich, in the years 1473, 1478,   Coslany_.
            1483, 1493, 1498.  Merchant’s
            mark and inscription only
            remaining.
1502.       Thomas Cok.                         _St. Gregory_.
1503.       Edward Ward.                        _Bixley_.
1505.       William Dussing, and Katherine,     _Kirby Bedon_.
            his wife.  In winding sheets.
1505.       Thome Tyard.  In winding sheets.    _Bawburgh_.
c1510.      Juliane Anyell.                     _Witton_.
1514.       Margaret Pettwode.                  _St. Clement_.
1515.       Henrici Scolows, and Alicia, his    _St. Michael at
            wife.  In winding sheets, with      Coslany_.
            four evangelical emblems.
1523.       A Female Figure, probably of Ann    _St. Edmund_.
            Hoste.  Curious for head-dress
            and tippet.  Now in private
            possession; formerly in the
            church of
1524.       John Terri, and Lettys, his wife.   _St. John in
            An elaborate Brass, with twenty     Maddermarket_.
            lines of English verse.
c1527.      John Gilbert.  Fragments of         _St. Andrew_.
            canopy and inscription only
            remaining.
1528.       Edwardus Whyte, and Elizabeth,      _Shottisham St.
            his wife.                           Mary_.
c1538.      William Layer, and wife.            _St. Andrew_.
            Inscription lost.
1540.       Nicholas Suttherton.  An            _St. John in
            inscription and shield.  A          Maddermarket_.
            palimpsest, now in the church
            chest, formerly at east end of
            nave.
1546.       Bel Buttry.                         _St. Stephen_.
1558.       Robarte Rugge, and Elizabeth, his   _St. John in Madder
            wife, Mayor of Norwich.             market_.
1560.       Helen Caus, wife of Thomas Caus,    _St. John in
            Mayor of Norwich.  This is one of   Maddermarket_.
            three effigies which represented
            Thomas Caus, Mayor in 1495 and
            1503, and Johanna and Helen, his
            wives, and is a late example of
            the pedimental head dress.  The
            other effigies are lost, and this
            is partly covered by a pew.
            A Mayor of Norwich, and his Wife.   _St. John in
            Name and date unknown.              Maddermarket_.
            Inscription lost.  The figure of
            the Lady partly covered by a pew.
1577.       Anne Rede, wife of Sir Peter Rede   _St. Margare_.
            (whose Brass lies in St. Peter of
            Mancroft Church).
1600.       Mary Bussie.  Lost since 1850;      _St. Peter of
            formerly in the church of           Mancroft_.
1605.       Mis Anē Claxton; an inscription     _St. Mary at
            and shield.                         Coslany_.
1649.       Clere Talbot, and his wives.        _Dunston_.
1818.       Mary Elizabeth, wife of Edward      _The Cathedral_,
            South Thurlow.  A cross, brass,     (_north side of
            with a border inscription; laid     Choir_).
            down within the last few years.

MISCELLANEOUS.

1452.      Thomas Childes.  A skeleton          _St. Lawrence_,
           figure, inscription lost.            _Norwich_.
           An individual unknown.  A heart      _Kirby Bedon_.
           with three scrolls.
           A small figure in winding sheet;     _Bawburgh_.
           comparatively modern.

LIST OF THE CHURCHES WITH BRASSES.

_St. Andrew_, _Norwich_.
                   John Gilbert                              1527
                   William Layer, and wife                   1538
_The Cathedral_, _Jesus’ Chapel_, _Norwich_.
                   Randulphus Pulvertoft                     1499
                   Mary Elizabeth, wife of Edward South      1818
                   Thurlow
_St. Clement_, _Norwich_.
                   Margaret Pettwode                         1514
_St. Edmund_, _Norwich_.
                   A female figure, probably of Ann Hoste,   1523
                   now in private possession
_St. George at Colegate_, _Norwich_.
                   William Norwiche                          1475
_St. Giles_, _Norwich_.
                   Robert Baxter, and Christiana, his wife   1432
                   Richard Purdaunce, and Margaret, his      1436
                   wife
                   John Smyth, priest                        1499
_St. Gregory_, _Norwich_.
                   Thomas Cok                                1502
_St. John in Maddermarket_.
                   Walter Moneslee, and Isabella, his wife   1412
                   John Toddenham                            c1460
                   William Pepyr, and Joan, his wife         1476
                   A major of Norwich, name unknown
                   John Terri, and Lettys, his wife          1524
                   Nicholas Suttherton                       1540
                   Robarte Rugge, and Elizabeth, his wife    1558
                   Helen Caus                                1560
_St. Lawrence_, _Norwich_.
                   John Asgar, the younger                   1436
                   Galfridus Langley                         1437
                   Thomas Childes                            1452
_St. Margaret_, _Norwich_.
                   Anne Rede                                 1577
_St. Mary at Coslany_, _Norwich_.
                   Mis Ane Claxton                           1605
_St. Michael at Coslany_, _Norwich_.
                   Richard Ferrers                           1501
                   Henrici Scolows, and Alicia, his wife     1515
                   Thome Coke
_St. Peter of Mancroft_, _Norwich_.
                   Sir Peter Rede                            1568
                   The Brass of Mary Bussie, date 1600,
                   has been lost since 1850.
_St. Peter at Southgate_, _Norwich_.
                   Roger Clarke                              1487
_St. Stephen_, _Norwich_.
                   Robert Brasyer, and Christiana, his       1435
                   wife
                   Thomas Bokonham and wife                  1460
                   Roberti Brasyer
                   Thome Capp, vicar                         1545
                   Bel Buttry                                1546
_St. Swithin_, _Norwich_.
                   John Horslee, and Agnes, his wife         1495
                   Walter Goos, priest                       1497
_Bawhurgh_.
                   Thome Tyard                               1505
                   William Richeis—chalice                   1531
                   A small figure, in winding sheet
_Bixley_.
                   Edward Ward                               1503
_Colney_.
                   Henry Alikok
_Dunston_.
                   Clere Talbot, and his wives               1649
_Frettenham_.
                   Alice Thorndon                            c1445
                   Lady (unknown)                            c1460
_Hellesdon_.
                   Richard de Heylesdone, and Beatrice,      1380
                   his wife
                   John de Heylesdone, and Johanna, his      1384
                   wife
                   Richardus Thaseburgh                      1389
_Ketteringham_.
                   Thome Heveningham, and Anne, his wife     1499
                   Lady (unknown)
_Kirby Bedon_.
                   William Dussing, and Katherine, his       1505
                   wife
                   An individual unknown.  A heart with
                   three scrolls
_Plumstead Parva_.
                   Sir Edward Warner                         1565
_Poringland Magna_.
                   An individual unknown—chalice
_Shottisham St. Mary_.
                   Edwardus Whyte, and Elizabeth, his wife   1528
_Surlingham_.
                   John Alnwick                              1450
_Sprowston_.
                   John Corbet, and Jane, his wife           1470
_Witton_.
                   Juliana Anyell                            c1505

DIRECTORY OF NORWICH.


ALPHABETICAL LIST.


             _The letter_ “h” _indicates Private Residence_.

Abbott, Edward Jesse, draper and silk mercer, Exchange street
Abbott, William, boot and shoe manufacturer, 22, Magdalen street
Abel, Cain, saddler and whip maker, Golden Ball street
Abel, Daniel, upholsterer and cabinet maker, Bedford street, St.
Andrew’s; h Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Abel, Frederick, brush maker, Unthank’s road
Abel, John, horse dealer, Rising Sun, Chapel field road
Abel, Mrs., day school, Unthank’s road
Able, William, green grocer, &c., Oak street, St. Martin’s
Aberdeen, William Charles, coffee and pie house, 3, Dove street
Abraham, Benjamin and S. S., watch and clock makers, 1, Bethel street
Abray, Isaac, Black Horse, St. Giles’ road
Adams, Miss Frances, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Adams, Mrs. Sarah, Earlham road
Adams, William, Plumbers’ Arms, Cowgate street
Adams, William, auctioneer’s clerk, Rupert street, Union place
Adcock, Richard, pork butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Addison, Benjamin, wheelwright and carpenter, Magdalen street
Adkin, William, plasterer, &c., Trory street, Unthank’s road
Aggas, Captain James, (late of the army) Upper Westlegate street
Aikin, Francis, draper and tea dealer, St. Benedict’s road
Ainslie, Charles, jobbing gardener, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Alborough, Thomas, farmer, Trowse
Alden, Edward, baker, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Alden, James, last and boot-tree maker, Alden’s court, Ber street
Alden, Robert, brazier and tin-plate worker, St. Stephen’s plain
Alden, William, schoolmaster at Norman’s school, Cowgate street
Alden, Wm. Marshall, National school-master, Lothian street, Heigham
Alderson, William Henry, bricklayer and plasterer, St. Andrew’s hill
Alderman, Henry, French polisher, Ber street
Alden, Joseph, shoemaker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Aldham, James, messenger, Tabernacle street
Aldis, Mrs. Jane, stay and corset maker, Prince’s street
Aldis, Miss Rebecca, dressmaker, 1, Unthank’s road
Aldous, John T., Windham Arms, Trory street, Lakenham
Aldous, James, grocer and draper, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Aldous, John Fuller, joiner and builder, St. Stephen’s street
Aldred, Mr. Robert, 1, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Aldrich, John, grocer and draper, West Pottergate street
Aldhouse, Hannah, furniture broker, St. Augustine’s
Aldridge, Mrs. Susan, lodging-house keeper, 4, Grapes’ hill
Aldridge, Mrs. Susanna, grocer, Church walk, New Lakenham
Alexander, Benjamin, shoemaker, Southgate street
Alexander, Henry, baker, Heigham str.
Alexander, Rev. John, Independent minister, Gildengate street
Alger, John Goldworth, reader for the press, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Allam, Thomas, 4, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Allcock, Trivett, lodging-house keeper, Tombland
Allen, Bryant, dyer, Scole’s green
Allen and Co., woollen drapers, tailors, and hatters, Bank plain
Allen, Francis, market gardener, Dereham road
Allen, George, manufacturer of elastic cloths for gloves, clothing, and
silk and lisle webs, St. Stephen’s factory
Allen, Henry, flour dealer, 1, Distillery street
Allen, John, green-grocer, Lower Westwick street, St. Swithin’s
Allen, John Boufield, watch and clock maker, silversmith, jeweller, and
optician, 40, London street
Allen, Mrs. Marianne and Co., boot and shoe warehouse, 14, Briggs’ street
Allen, Park, Cadogan place, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Allen, Robert, nurseryman and seedsman, Grove place, Lakenham
Allen, Robert, confectioner, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Allen, Robert, fishmonger, Newbegin’s yard, St. Mary’s plain
Allen, Thomas, shopkeeper, Golden Ball street
Allen, William, stone mason, St. Stephen’s back street
Allen, William, hair dresser, Magdalen street
Allen, William, bill poster, Farnell’s yard, St. John’s Maddermarket
Allman, William, shoemaker, Coburg st.
Allmer, George, green grocer, King street
Allum, James, inspector, Thorpe station, Mousehold
Allison, Mrs. Sophia, working cutler, St. Peter’s steps, Market place
Allured, James, tailor, hatter, and cap manufacturer, Timber hill street
Allwood, Thomas, Lower close
Alven, Frederick, 1, St. Swithin’s villa, Catton road
Ames, Mrs. Edward, milliner, Distillery street
Ames, Mrs. Willow place, Lakenham
Ames, Edward Cooper, photographic artist, Distillery street, Heigham
Ames, Robert, Bear Inn, Market place
Ames, Mrs. Mary, Willow place, Southwell street, Lakenham
Ames, Frances, green-grocer, Dereham road
Amies, Benjamin, hair dresser and glover, St. Catherine’s plain
Amies, John, carpenter and builder, Hall road, Lakenham
Amies, John, carpenter, Southwell street, Lakenham
Amies, John, The Hoop, St. Stephen’s rd.
Amies, John, Old Lobster Inn, Pottergate street
Amies, Mary Ann, tailoress, Timberhill street
Amiss, Stephen, Inspector of Police, Barrack street
Amy, William, cooper, Spitalfields, Thorpe hamlet
Anderson, Joseph, baker, Pump street
Anderson, William, general shopkeeper, Old Church street, New Lakenham
Andrews, Brothers, wholesale druggists, and manufacturers of baking
powder, 1 and 2, Colegate street, St. George’s
Andrews, Charles, fishmonger, Crow’s yard, Upper Westwick street
Andrews, Mrs. Emily, milliner and dressmaker, West Pottergate street
Andrews, George, chemist and druggist, 1 and 2, Colegate street, St.
George’s
Andrews, James, Two Necked Swan, Upper walk, Market place
Andrews, Richard, wire worker, Coslany street
Angell, Robert, beer retailer, Coburgh street
Angell, Susannah, milliner and dressmaker, Calvert street
Annison, Robert, general shopkeeper, Little Globe street, Union place
Answorth, William, manufacturer, (see Middleton and Answorth)
Anthony, William, wine and spirit merchant, 12, Upper market
Applegate, James, timber dealer, Pottergate street; h St. Swithin’s
Appleton, Mrs. Anna, day school, St. Augustine’s street
Appleton, Christopher, green-grocer, Gildengate street
Appleton, Thomas, fish dealer, St. Augustine’s street
Appleton, William, fish curer, St. Augustine’s street
Archdall, Rev. George, D.D., The Close
Archer Henry, furniture broker, Ber street
Archer, Jesse, butcher, Pitt street
Archer, Samuel, currier, Peacock street, St. Paul’s
Archer, William, rope, twine, and sacking maker, New Catton
Armes, Daniel, Queen Adelaide, West End street, Heigham
Armes, Frederick Thomas, The Rose and Thistle tavern, Barn road
Armes, Robert, currier and leather cutter, Dove street; h West Pottergate
street
Armes, Mrs. Sarah, Cow and Hare, Heigham street
Armes, William, cow keeper, Parry’s buildings, Philadelphia
Armiss, Thomas, shopkeeper, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Armstrong, Mr. Henry, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Armstrong, Henry, draper, &c., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Armstrong, Mrs. Mary, draper, Dereham road
Arnup, Charles, Jolly Gardeners, Paddock, Silver street
Arnold, Edward, wholesale and family chemist and druggist, Orford hill
Arnold, George, and Alfred Robert, brewers, and wine and spirit
merchants, agents for Meux and Co., St. Margaret’s plain
Arnold, Mrs. Maria, St. Giles’ road
Andrews, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Andrews, Thomas William, (see Andrews, Brothers) 1 and 2, Colegate
street, St. George’s
Andrews, Thomas, shopkeeper, St. Faith’s lane
Andrews, William, soap manufacturer, Fishgate street
Andrews, William, horse breaker, livery stable keeper, and horse clipper,
Westlegate street
Andrews, William, soap manufacturer and tallow chandler, &c., Magdalen
street
Arnott, Robert, lodging-house keeper, Distillery street
Artis, Francis, baker, Castle meadow
Arundel, Mrs., Albert terrace, Unthank’s road
Ashen, Robert, brazier and tin plate worker, St. Stephen’s street
Ashton, James, whip maker, Ber street
Asker, Elizabeth, the Swan hotel, Upper market
Asker, George Henry, perfumer, &c., 21, The Walk
Asker, George Henry, glove manufacturer and hosier, 20, The Walk
Asker, Samuel Hurry, solicitor, St. Giles’ street; h The Grove, Chapel
field
Asker, Mrs., 11, Chapel field
Asker, Mrs., Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Asquith, William, Two Quarts, Pottergate street
Aston, Isaac, fishmonger, St. James street
Athow, Edward John, wine and spirit merchant, Castle street
Atkin, Mr. Kennett M., All Saints green
Atkins, Mrs. Dimmer, St. Catherine’s plain
Atkins, Elizabeth, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Atkins, Henry, Free Trade tavern, St. Augustine’s
Atkins, Richard, builder, 27, Bethel street
Atkins, Thomas, beer retailer, Heigham street
Atkinson, John Goldsmith, solicitor, and agent to the Church of England
Fire and Life Office, Post Office street
Atkins, Matthew, Sussex street
Atkinson, James, lay clerk at cathedral, Sussex street
Attle, Samuel, beer retailer, Ber street
Attle, Hannah, green grocer, Finket street
Atwood, Thomas, writer and grainer, Pottergate street
Augood, Henry, fishmonger, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Auker, John, boot and shoe maker, 71, St. Stephen’s
Austin, Owen, coal dealer, Oak street
Austin, William, Wheat Sheaf, St. Stephen’s street
Austrin, Mrs. Ann, linen draper, hosier, and haberdasher, 5, Orford hill
Avey, Thomas, grocer and tea dealer, Ber street
Aylmer, John, Black Horse, Wensum street
Ayris, John, manager of City of Norwich Water Works; Office, Surrey st.
Ayton, James, clerk to the Corn Exchange, Little London street
Ayton, John, baker, St. Augustine’s street
Ayris, John, civil engineer, 10, Nelson terrace, Grove road, New Lakenham
Back and Co., grocers, tea dealers and Italian warehousemen, and wine and
spirit merchants, 3 and 4, Haymarket
Bacon, Charles, cabinet maker, Muspole street
Bacon, Josiah Newbegin, rope, twine, and sack manufacturer, 3, Davey
place
Bacon, Nicholas, Esq., Bracondale
Bacon, Richard Noverre, printer, bookseller, and stationer, and
proprietor and publisher of the “Norwich Mercury,” 12, London street; h
Intwood hall
Bacon, Thomas, messenger at East of England Bank, Rampant Horse street
Bacon, William, shopkeeper, All Saints’ green
Baddeley, The Misses, Somerleyton street
Bagshaw, George, game dealer, Coslany street
Bagshaw, George, rag merchant, bone crusher, artificial manure
manufacturer, poulterer and herring curer, Coslany street
Bagshaw, Joseph, fish merchant and game dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Bailey, Isaac, joiner and builder, West Pottergate street
Bailey, Anthony, cashier at East of England Bank, Heigham cottage,
Newmarket road
Bailey, Elijah Crosier, solicitor, clerk to the Corporation of Guardians
of the Poor, and secretary to the Norfolk Agricultural Association,
Toll’s court, Briggs’ street
Bailey, Mrs. Jemima, Dereham road
Bailey, Simon John, hairdresser, West Pottergate street
Baker, Charles, grocer, and register office for servants, Redwell street
Baker, Henry, accountant, Brazen Doors’ road
Baker, James, Bess of Bedlam, and butcher, Oak street
Baker, John, 16, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Baker, John, Point cottage, Surrey road, St. Catherine’s plain
Baker, Mrs. Maria, Newmarket road
Baker, Mrs. Martha, Newmarket street
Baker, Robert, Carpenters’ Arms, Thorn lane
Baker, Mrs. Susan, corset maker, Willow lane, St. Giles’
Baker, William, beer retailer, Windmill tavern, Mill lane, New Catton
Baker, William, warehouseman, Dereham road
Baker, William Osborn, boot and shoe maker, St. Augustine’s Church alley
Baldry, George, land agent, Newmarket road
Baldry, William, land surveyor and agent, Priest’s buildings, St.
Stephen’s road
Baldry, William, Rope Makers’ Arms, Hellesdon road
Baldson, William, blacksmith, Chalk hill, Thorpe hamlet
Baldwin, Charles, and Co., St. Mary’s Grist Mill, Pitt street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 21)
Baldwin, Henry, baker, Oak street
Baldwin, James, Mount Pleasant
Baldwin, William, time keeper, Rose lane
Baldwin, William, wheelwright, Thorpe hamlet
Bale, George, butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Bales, James Cheastney, accountant, Mount Pleasant
Bales, Mrs. Rebecca, Matron of Girls’ Home, Heigham causeway
Bales, Thomas, commercial traveller, Sussex street, St. Augustine’s
Bales, William, shoemaker, Hall road, Lakenham
Ballard, Edmund, pawnbroker, All Saints’ green
Balls, Hannah, milliner, Pitt street
Balls, Daniel, builder (see Curtis and Balls)
Balls, Frederick, beer retailer, St. Benedict’s street
Balls, Jonas, coal salesman, City road, Heigham fields
Balls, James, tailor, the Green Dragon, Little London street
Balls, Mrs. Rebecca, St. Benedict’s road
Balls, Robert, clothier, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Balls, William, umbrella maker, Bull close
Bancalari, Dominico, shopkeeper, Ber street
Bane, William, auditor to E. C. Railway C., St. Faith’s terrace
Banister, John, coal dealer, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Bangay, George, chair maker, Oak street; h Sussex street
Banham, Francis, grocer and tea dealer, Old Haymarket
Banham, George, wine and dry cooper, and brewer, King street
Banham, Henry, general smith, Hall’s lane
Banham, John, shoe manufacturer, Botolph street
Banham, Richard, beer retailer, Northumberland street
Banks, Mrs. Mary, 1, Grove road, New Lakenham
Banks, William, West parade, Earlham road
Barber and Sons, corn merchants, Old Haymarket
Barber, Alexander, Crystal Palace, Dereham road
Barber, Alfred Willsea, and Co., general merchants, Duke’s palace
Barber, Mr. Alfred Willsea, Bracondale
Barber, Benjamin, butcher, Adelaide street
Barber, Benjamin, tailor, Lower King street
Barber, Charles James, clerk, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Barber, Mr. George, Thorpe hamlet
Barber, George, tailor, St. John’s terrace, Ber street
Barber Henry, shipping agent and broker, (Robert Waller Pope, agent)
Lower Westwick street
Barber, John, Esq., Philadelphia
Barber, John Lee, and Co., cotton manufacturers, St. Martin’s lane
Barber, —, merchant’s clerk, Catton road
Barber, John Lee, (see Barber and Sons) corn merchant, Dereham road
Barber, Joseph, beer retailer, Ber street
Barber, Miss H., 22, Castle meadow
Barber, Miss Sarah, Sussex street
Barber, Samuel, dyer, Timberhill street
Barber, Thomas, shoe manufacturer, No. 6, the General’s buildings, near
the Barracks
Barber, William, bricklayer, White Lion, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Bardwell, Miss Adlian, school-mistress, St. Stephen’s gates
Bardwell, Ann, baker, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Bardwell, Everett, solicitor, Lower close
Bardwell, George, commercial traveller, 4, John street, Rose lane
Bardwell, George Syder, accountant, rent and debt collector, estate
agent, agent to the St. George Insurance Company, and St. George Loan
Advance Fund, St. Stephen’s road, opposite the Norfolk and Norwich
Hospital (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 5)
Bardwell, Marcus Gill, printer and bookbinder, Prince’s street
Bardwell, Sarah, baker, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Barker, Benjamin, and Co., wholesale shoe manufacturer, York Tavern
passage, Orford hill: h Lakenham
Barker, Benjamin, shoe manufacturer, Hall road, New Lakenham
Barker, Mrs. Eliza, boarding school, Windsor terrace, Grove road, New
Lakenham
Barker, Mr. George, Thorpe hamlet
Barker, Harriet, baker, St. Benedict’s street
Barker, James, tailor, and bottle merchant, Muspole street
Barker, John, beer retailer, Magdalen st.
Barker, Joseph, surgeon dentist, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Barker, Mrs. Mary, Chapel field
Barker, Mrs. Mary, register office for servants, Orford hill
Barker, Robert, plumber, Orford hill
Barker, Samuel, baker, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Barker, Samuel, waiter, Grove place, New Lakenham
Barker, Mrs. Sarah, Magdalen street
Barker, Thomas, hotpresser and packer, Rosemary lane, Distillery street
Barley, Mrs. Mary, Fleece Inn, Bridewell alley
Barlow, Richard A., St. Margaret’s street
Barnard, Alfred, grocer, King street
Barnard, Bishop, and Barnard, iron-founders and engineers, and wire
netting manufacturers, Norfolk Iron Works, St. Miles’ and Market place
Barnard and Boulton, stove, grate, and range manufacturers,
manufacturing, furnishing, and general ironmongers, oil and color
merchants, London and Castle streets
Barnard, Charles, Gildengate street
Barnard, Charles, Champion Inn, Chapel field road
Barnard, John, corn and hay merchant, and licensed to let horses, Golden
Ball street
Barnard, John, game dealer, Fye Bridge
Barnard, John, last manufacturer, Coslany street
Barnard, John, commercial traveller, St. Benedict’s road
Barnard, John Cuthbert, accountant, Lower Westwick street
Barnard, John Hilling, Upper Surrey st.
Barnard, Miss Maria, St. Stephen’s road
Barnard, Stephen, patten and last maker, Oak street
Barnard, William, inspector of fire brigade, Kimberley street, Unthank’s
road
Barnes, Charles, printer and bookbinder, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Barnes, Edward R., baker, Thorn lane
Barnes, Fiddy, farm steward, Earlham road
Barnes, Jacob, bricklayer, West Pottergate street
Barnes, James, cabinet maker, Surrey grove; h Bartholomew street
Barnes, John, iron and brass founder, Hank’s yard, St. Miles’
Barnes, John Edward, West End Retreat, Holl’s lane, Heigham
Barnes, Maria, straw bonnet maker, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Barnes, Mrs. Mary, All Saints’ green
Barnes, Mary, Woolpack, St. George’s plain
Barnes, Robert, green grocer, Foundry bridge
Barnham, Mrs. Elizabeth, 7, Newmarket road
Barnham, James, Grove Cottage, St. Stephen’s road
Barnham, Miss Louisa, 28, Newmarket road
Barnsdale, Ann Frances, tea dealer, Curtis’ buildings, West Pottergate
st.
Barrow, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, 24, White Lion street
Barrow, Mr. James, Mount Pleasant
Barstead, Ann and Esther, havel makers, Alms’ lane
Bartram, Henry, market gardener, Cherry street
Barwell and Son, wine, spirit, ale, and porter merchants, No. 7, St.
Stephen’s street
Barwell and Son, wine, spirit, ale, and porter merchants, London street
and St. Andrew’s hill
Barwell, Mr. John, Surrey street
Base, Samuel, postmaster, Post Office street; h Bixley Lodge
Basey, Mrs. Lydia, infant school, Oak street
Basey, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Calvert street
Bassingthwaighte, William, boot and shoe maker, Upper market
Batchelder, Miss, Bracondale
Batchelder, Thomas, green grocer, Ber street
Batchelor, Rev. T. John, Cook’s lane, King street
Bateman, Benjamin, grocer, Magdalen street
Bateman, Benjamin, and Co., tea and coffee dealers, London street and
Lower Goat lane
Bateman, J., and Son, wool, silk, yarn, and cotton merchants, and general
commission agents, Gildengate street
Bateman, Frederick, Esq., M.D., 19, St. Giles’ street
Bateman, James George Joseph, (see Bateman and Son) agent for the Royal
Farmers’ Fire and Life Office; h Cringleford
Bateman, Mrs. Mary, day school, St. Stephen’s road
Batley, Charles, timber merchant’s commission agent, Thorpe hamlet
Batley, Richard, confectioner, St. Catherine’s plain, Lakenham
Batley, Mrs. Susan, Thorpe St. Andrew
Batley, William, chair manufacturer, Lower Westwick street, St. Lawrence
Batson, Edward, corn merchant, Magdalen street
Batson, John, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Batterbee, John, shoemaker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Battley, Mrs. Mary, laundress, Trowse Millgate
Baxter, John, cattle dealer, Ber street
Baxter, Mrs. Maria, baker, Brazen Doors road
Baxter, Neville P., firework maker, Brazen Doors road
Baxter, Robert, Wheat Sheaf, Bethel street
Baxter, William, coal merchant, King street
Baxter, Benjamin, dyer, St. Paul’s street
Bayes, Elizabeth, and Sons, clothiers, &c. Orford hill and Red Lion
street
Bayes, William, hair dresser and furrier, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Bayfield, Ann, and Sons, ironmongers, oil and color merchants, 34,
Magdalen street
Bayfield, Francis, Victoria terrace, Synagogue street
Bayfield, Mrs. John Freeman, register office for servants, 7, Bank street
Bayfield, William Henry, hotpresser, Gildengate street, St. George’s
Colegate
Bayfield, William, merchant’s clerk, 6, Richmond place, Lakenham
Bayliss, Andrew, cowkeeper, New Lakenham
Bayne, Alexander D., 4, Portland place, Holl’s lane
Baysby, —, 7, St. Giles’ road
Bealby, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, William street, Heigham
Beales, Mrs. Mary, basket and sieve maker, Wensum street
Bean, Frank, Grapes hill, St. Giles’
Bean, W., commercial traveller, Somerleyton terrace, Unthank’s road
Beaney, John, lath render, Dial yard, Coslany street
Beare, Samuel Shalders, currier and leather merchant, Bridge street, St.
George’s; h Town Close, Ipswich road
Beart, Robert Hayward, commercial agent, 26, Bethel street
Beatley and Son, hat and cap manufacturers, 16, London street
Beatley, Henry, accountant, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Beaton, John, blacksmith, King street
Beauchamp, Miss Ellen, teacher of music, Heigham road
Beaumont, John, pork butcher, Finket street
Beazley, John, commercial traveller, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Beck, Samuel, The Chequers, Castle meadow
Beckham, John Rix, baker, Cowgate street
Beckham, Mrs. Mary, Thorpe hamlet
Beckham, Robert John, coal dealer, Magdalen street
Beckwith, Augustus Adolphus Hamilton, solicitor, Palace street
Beckwith Benjamin, Shoulder of Mutton, St. Stephen’s street
Beddingfield, John, commercial traveller, Newmarket road
Beddingfield, Nelson, hackney master and livery stable keeper, Westlegate
street
Bedford, Philip, coppersmith, brazier, and tin-plate worker, Bedford
street, St. Andrew’s
Beecheno, Frederick, grocer, tea dealer, and provision merchant, 38,
London street
Beeton, John, the Wild Man, St. Andrew’s hill
Beha, Lickart and Co., watch and clock-makers, silversmiths, and
jewellers, St. Stephen’s plain
Belden, Miss Susanna, milliner, Ber street
Belding, William, wholesale grocer and tea dealer, 1, Magdalen street
Belding, William, grocer, Point House, New Catton
Bell, Charles, shoemaker, Botolph street
Bell, George, builder, Peacock street
Bell, James, shoemaker, Muspole street
Bell, John Crawford, Esq., surgeon, Prince’s street
Bell, John, horticulturist and seedsman, Exchange street and Bracondale;
h at the Nursery, Bracondale
Bell, Mary, Cat and Fiddle, Botolph street
Bell, Michael, shoemaker, Botolph street
Bell, Miss Louisa, day school, Mountergate place, Synagogue street
Bell, Mary, beer retailer, Botolph street
Bell, Matthew, Lock and Key, and grocer, Ber street
Bell, Robert, watch and clock maker, silversmith and jeweller, 11, Davey
place
Bell, Rebecca, carpenter, Peacock street
Bellamy, William national schoolmaster, Lower close
Bellin, Benjamin, Windsor terrace, Grove road, New Lakenham
Bellman, Rev. Edmund, New Catton
Bellman, Mrs. Fanny, Lower close
Beloe, Henry, silk finisher, Coslany street; h 5, Heigham terrace
Belson, Robert, plumber and glazier, King street
Benest, Edward Everett, city surveyor, Castle Meadow; h Clare House, New
Catton
Benest James (see Benest and Newson) h St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Benest and Newson, architects and surveyors, Bank chambers, Bank place
Bennett, Austin, shoemaker, Cowgate street
Bennett, Edward, Esq., 5, Newmarket road
Bennett, Mrs. Emily, baker and grocer, Mariner’s lane
Bennett, Emily, baker, Ber street
Bennett, Henry, baker, Orford hill
Bennett, Henry, tailor, St. Augustine’s
Bennett, Horace, lay clerk at Cathedral; h Magdalen street
Bennett, Jabez, market gardener, Infirmary road
Bennett, James, grocer and importer of leeches, Tombland
Bennett, John, the Allies’ Tavern, Upper Heigham
Bennett, John, shopkeeper and shoemaker, St. Miles’ Church street
Bennett, Maria, baker, Wellington street
Bennett, Robert, baker, West Pottergate street
Bennett, Robert, baker, City road, Heigham
Bennett, Samuel, baker, Cowgate street
Bensley, John, lodging-house keeper, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Bensley, John, beer retailer, Oak street
Bensley, Thomas, Thorpe hamlet
Bensley, William, grocer, Union place
Benslyn, Thomas, baker and confectioner, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Bensted, William, agricultural machine maker, Castle meadow
Berry, George John, baker, Ber street
Berry, Josiah, town crier, Pottergate street
Berry, Richard, manufacturer, St. Paul’s Back lane
Berry, Swithin, beer retailer, Brazen Doors’ road
Berry, William Mills, St. Paul’s terrace, Cowgate street
Berwick, Mrs. Mary, lodging-house keeper, Nelson place, Mount Pleasant
Berwick, William, bricklayer and builder, Suffolk street, Union place
Betts, Charles A., Lord John Russell, Dereham road
Betts, Emanuel, Nelson Tavern, Upper market
Betts, Henry, grocer, Southwell street
Betts, James, wheelwright, Julian place; h Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Betts, James George, Two-necked Swan, St. Stephen’s street
Betts, John, bricklayer, 21, West Pottergate street
Betts, John Samuel, baker, Baker’s Arms, Coslany street, St. Mary’s
Betts, John, The Chequers, the Ditches, Castle hill
Betts, John, register office for servants, 63, Bethel street
Betts, John, linen and woollen draper, silk mercer, Market place
Betts, Osborn, willow pill-box manufacturer, Waterloo road, New Catton
Betts, Thomas, hair dresser, French Horn, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Bexfield, Richard, grocer, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Bexfield, Thomas, cabinet maker, Bethel street
Bexfield, James, grocer, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Bianchi, Giovanni, figure and model maker, Bridge street, St. George’s
Bidett, Jonathan, Dial, Dereham road
Bidwell, Henry, agent for the National Provident Institution, Atlas Life
and Fire Insurance Offices, and agent for Blackmore’s Patent Bolting
Cloths, Pitt street
Bidwell, James, shopkeeper, St. Faith’s lane
Bidwell, John, Colegate street
Biggs, Mrs. Mary, 7, St. Stephen’s square
Bignold, Edward Samuel, Esq., (see Field and Bignold) 23, Victoria street
Bignold, Sir Samuel, knt., Surrey street
Bignold, Thomas, Esq., 9, Lakenham terrace, City road
Bilby, Thomas, clerk, and agent to the People’s Provident Life Assurance
Guarantee Society, and the Travellers’ and Marine Insurance Company,
Lakenham place, St. Catherine’s plain
Bilby, Walter, cattle dealer, Islington house, New Catton
Bilby, William, hairdresser, Pitt street
Bilham, Charles, St. George’s plain
Billham, John, clerk to the Water Works Comp., 3, John street, Rose lane
Bingham, Samuel Hart, engineer, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Bingham, Thomas, tailor and woollen draper, Post Office street
Birch, Benjamin, cabinet maker, Timberhill street; h St. Catherine’s
plain
Birch, Isaac, clerk to the Unity Fire Office; King Street gates
Bircham, Mrs. C., Mount Pleasant, Newmarket road
Bircham and Pyle, corn merchants, Wensum street
Bird, Bailey, saw mills, Philadelphia
Bird, Henry, hosier and glover, 3, Briggs’ street; h West Wymer street,
Heigham
Bird, Miss Jane, shirt maker, Timberhill street
Bishop, George, linen and woollen draper, 5, Old Haymarket
Bishop, James, property tax collector, Coburg street
Bishop, John, Thorpe hamlet
Bishop, William Amis, builder, Magdalen street
Bishop, Rev. William, 5, Dereham Road terrace, Dereham road
Blackburn, James Berry, currier and leather seller, St. Stephen’s plain
Blackburn, Robert, city missionary, Keyzor’s place, Holl’s lane
Blackburn, Samuel, toll collector, Thorpe hamlet
Blackburn, Edward, shoemaker, Upper walk
Blackburn, James, currier, Castle Meadow
Blackburn, William Berry, Victoria Tavern, St. Stephen’s gates
Blackie and Son, publishers and booksellers, 48, Upper St. Giles’
street—George Wakerley, agent
Blackmore, Alfred, willow pill-box manufacturer, West Wymer street,
Heigham
Blake and Everett, hotpressers, Gildengate street, St. George’s Colegate
Blake, Edward, and Robert Wiffin, mohair and worstead-yarn spinners,
Fishgate street
Blake, Francis John, solicitor, and commissioner for Administering Oaths
in Chancery in England, commissioner for taking acknowledgment of deeds
of married women, superintendent registrar for districts of Norwich,
clerk and treasurer of the County Lunatic Asylum, at Thorpe, and clerk of
St. Faith’s Union, &c., Upper King street
Blake, George, brickmaker, Brazen Doors road; h Newmarket road
Blake, Hannah, St. Benedict’s plain, Pottergate street
Blake, James, Pheasant Cock, Ber street gates
Blake, John Joseph, Esq., solicitor, (see Blake, Keith, and Blake)
Theatre st.
Blake, Mrs. Jonathan, 21, Mount Pleasant
Blake, Joseph, The Hermitage, City road, Lakenham
Blake, Keith, and Blake, solicitors, the Chantry
Blake, Mrs. Mary, Lower Close
Blake, Robert, brickmaker, Brazen Doors road; h Golden Dog lane
Blake, Robert, butcher, Lower Westwick street, St. Lawrence
Blake, Samuel, butcher, 3, Bridewell alley
Blakely, the Misses, boarding school, Paragon Lodge, St. Giles’ road
Blakely, Edward, silk mercer, West Parade, Earlham road
Blakely, William, manufacturer, Pitt street
Blakeney, Joseph, city missionary, Alma place, St. Augustine’s
Blanden, Henry, Morning Mail, Pottergate street
Blandon, Miss Caroline and Matilda, grocers, Ber street
Blazeby, William, portrait painter, Bethel street
Blazeby, James, artist, 16, Bethel street
Blazeby, John, turner, Globe lane, Golden Ball street
Blazeby, Henry, butcher, Westlegate street
Blazeby, William, whitesmith, Scole’s green
Bleakley, Mrs. Elijah, 4, Newmarket road
Blinkinsop, Mrs. Alice, Cadogan place, 2, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Bliss, Joseph James, chemist and druggist, Magdalen street
Bloch, Israel, jeweller, 47, Pottergate street
Blogg, Mr. Stephen Money, Holl’s lane
Blogg, William (day school) Upper King street
Bloom, Thomas (see Plummer and Bloom); h 2, Paragon street
Bloomfield, Amelia, milliner and dress maker, Botolph street
Bloomfield, George, Norfolk and Norwich chop house, Market place
Blomfield, Mrs. Sarah, 30, Victoria street
Bloy, Mrs. Elizabeth, Mount Pleasant
Blunderfield, Mrs., 11, Newmarket terrace, Newmarket road
Blyth, James, green grocer, Julian street
Blyth, John, bricklayer, John street
Blyth, John, grocer, St. Martin’s gates
Blyth, John, timber and coal merchant, Quay side
Blyth, John, sen., coal merchant, Quay side
Blyth, John, shoemaker, Earlham road
Blyth, Josiah, baker and shopkeeper, Adelaide street, Heigham
Blyth, Sarah, greengrocer, Coslany street
Blyth, William, timber merchant, St. Faith’s lane
Blyth, William, timber merchant, St. Julian’s street
Blyth, William, beer retailer, Ber street
Blyth, William, clothes’ salesman, Coach and Horses road, Union place
Blyth, William Bates, boot and shoe maker, Bethel street
Blythe, Eldred, Nursery Tavern, and painter, plumber and glazier, Nelson
street, Heigham
Blythe, Joshua, shopkeeper, World’s End lane
Blythe, Louisa, dress maker, St. Augustine’s
Blythe, Thomas, wheelwright, St. Augustine’s
Boardman, James Theobald, wholesale tea, coffee, and spice dealer,
Cundall’s court, Gentleman’s walk
Boardman and Sursham, hop, corn, and coal merchants, Wensum street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 14)
Boardman, Mrs. Mary Ann, Pottergate street
Boatwright, James, joiner, Fishgate street
Boatwright, James, cap maker, St. Saviour’s, Church alley
Boatwright, Richard, pork butcher, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Bocking, Thomas, builder, St. Benedict’s plain, Pottergate street
Boddy, John, tailor, William street
Body, Elizabeth Murrey, day school, Adelaide street, Heigham
Bolingbroke, Charles and Frederick, manufacturers, St. Clement’s Church
alley
Bolingbroke, Charles N., Esq., Upper St. Giles’ street
Bolingbroke, Horatio, Esq. (magistrate) 23, St. Giles’ street
Bolingbroke, Woodrow and Co. (Norwich Wine Company) importers of foreign
wines and spirits, Upper St. Giles’ street
Bollison, William, blacksmith, Thorpe hamlet
Botton, Ann Elizabeth, milliner, New Catton
Bolton, William (inspector on E. C. railway) Synagogue House
Bond, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Duke street
Bond, George, shopkeeper, Quakers’ lane
Bond, Joseph Daynes, tailor, Upper Goat lane
Bond, Mrs. Juliet, Lakenham place, St. Catherine’s plain
Bond, Thomas William, publisher of the “Norfolk News,” Broad street, St.
Andrew’s
Bond, William, tailor and woollen draper, 30, London street
Bone, Francis, baker, St. Benedict’s street
Bone, Nicholas, water bailiff, Lady’s lane
Bone, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, St. Benedict’s street
Booth, Miss Frances, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Booth, George, accountant, Richmond place, Bracondale
Booth, Thomas Rising, Shakespeare, Colegate street
Booty, John, gardener and seedsman, St. Stephen’s road
Booty, Horace John, British schoolmaster, Thorpe hamlet
Borking, James, boot and shoe maker, Upper Westwick street
Borking, Thomas, tailor, Willow lane
Borking, Thomas Patrick, shopkeeper, Upper Westwick street
Borrett, William, confectioner, Lower Westwick street
Bostock, Edwin and Thomas, boot and shoe top manufacturers, and leather
merchants, Swan lane, and 39, Pottergate street
Boston, William, pawnbroker, and boot and shoe manufacturer, Orford hill
Boswell, James Freeman, wine and spirit merchant, Chatham place, St.
Augustine’s
Boswell and Bishop, whitesmiths, Luckett’s court, St. Andrew’s Broad
street
Boswell, Thomas, perambulator, toy, and invalid’s carriage manufacturer,
Birmingham and Sheffield warehouse, 9, St. John’s Maddermarket (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 24)
Boswell, William, carver and gilder, and looking-glass manufacturer,
Magdalen street
Botwright, the Misses Martha and Eleanor, Theatre street
Boughen, Hugh, chemist and druggist, St. Augustine’s
Boughen, Robert, Cross st., Unthank’s road
Boughen, William, hosier, glover, shirt maker, and general outfitter,
Bank plain
Boughton, Richard, greengrocer, St. Stephen’s street
Boughton, Samuel, hairdresser and glove maker, Red Lion street
Boulger, Mr. John Joseph, Heigham rd.
Boulger, Patrick Joseph, surgeon dentist, Willow lane
Boult, Benjamin Grimmer, sail maker, Barge yard, King street
Boult, The Misses, Chalk Hill Cottage, Thorpe hamlet
Boulton, Mr. Benjamin, Paragon street
Boulton, Edward, earthenware dealer and shopkeeper, Gildengate street
Boulton, Robert, Saint Julian’s street, manager to Albion mills, Lower
King street
Boulton, William, ironmonger, 9, The Crescent, Chapel-field road
Bourt, John, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Boutelle, Mrs. Harriet, Gloucester place, St. Catherine’s plain, Lakenham
Bowden, James, accountant, Bank street
Bowgen, John Hart, Victoria spirit vaults, Lower Westwick street
Bowgen, John Hart, coal merchant, chimney sweeper, &c., Lower Westwick
street
Bowen, Alfred, merchant’s clerk, 2, John street
Bowen, William, plumber, painter and glazier, Pottergate street; h 23,
Paragon street
Bower, James, wood carver, Devonshire place, Holl’s lane
Bower, James Garton, accountant, St. Martin’s lane
Bower, John A., 3, Newmarket terrace, Newmarket road
Bowes, William, harness maker, Upper Westwick street
Bowhill, Henry, boot and shoe maker, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Bowhill, O., 39, Pottergate street
Bowles, Caleb, watch manufacturer, Bedford-street, Unthank’s road
Bowthorpe, William, Unthank’s road
Boyce, George, Ship Inn, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Boyce, Mrs. Harriet, dress maker, Redwell street
Boyden, the Misses Eliza and Charlotte, (boarding and day school)
Pottergate street
Bradey, Mrs. Mary, St. Julian’s street
Brady, Alfred T., painter, plumber and glazier, Hall road, New Lakenham
Bradfield, Frederick, patten and clog manufacturer, Little London street
Bradfield, Mrs. Rose, cloak maker, West Pottergate street
Bramwell Daniel Kellard, stationer, bookseller, news agent, and
librarian, 9, Upper St. Giles’ street
Branch, George, manufacturer of surgical and dental instruments, Golden
Ball street
Branch, James, accountant, 65, Pottergate street
Brandling, Major John James, Mount Pleasant, Newmarket road
Bradford, Mrs. Elizabeth, Thorpe hamlet
Bray, Charles, plumber, glazier and painter, Timberhill street and Castle
hill (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 15)
Bray, Mrs. John, Catton road
Bray, Joseph, wool sorter, St. Paul’s terrace, Cowgate street
Bray, Richard, tailor and woollen draper, 30, Pottergate street
Bray, Robert, beer retailer, Ber street
Brazell, Richard, Half Moon Inn, Upper Market
Bream, Charles John, wholesale grocer and tea dealer, Upper Market; h
Town close
Breese, Robert, saddler and harness maker, Magdalen street
Breeze, Christmas, dyer, Infirmary road
Breeze, Henry, dyer, Bridge street, St. George’s
Breeze, H. S., Miss, dressmaker, Rupert street, Union place
Breeze, Mrs. Mary, greengrocer, Cross lane, St. George’s
Brett, Alethsa, Portland Arms, Old Church road, Lakenham
Brett, Isaac, boot and shoe manufacturer, Upper King street
Brett, Sophia, dressmaker, Union place
Brett, Thomas, shopkeeper and dealer, Old Church street, Lakenham
Brewster, James, butcher, Upper Heigham
Bridges, John, butcher, Heigham street
Bridges, Robert, Princess Royal, Rampant Horse street
Bridges William, marine store dealer, Coslany street
Bridgeman, William K., surgeon dentist, 69, St. Giles’ street
Briggs William Henry, dyer and beer retailer, New Catton
Briggs, John, The Waterman, St. Margaret’s plain
Briggs, Mrs. Margarette, West Pottergate street
Briggs, Robert, ventriloquist, Ber street
Briggs, Sampson, tailor and secondhand clothes dealer, Golden Ball street
Briggs, William, Queen Caroline, Oak street
Brigham, John, St. Catherine’s plain
Bright, John, coal merchant, Lower Westwick street
Brightwell and Son, solicitors, Surrey street
Brightwell, Thomas, Esq., jun., solicitor, 71, St. Giles’ street
Brightwell, Thomas, medical botanist, Bridge street, St. George’s
Brightwell, Thomas, Esq., sen., solicitor to the Charity Trustees of
Norwich, and clerk to the Corn Hall, Surrey st.
Bright, Zachariah, beer retailer, The Hero of the Redan, Thorpe hamlet
Brighten, Charles George, confectioner, St. Stephen’s gates
Brighton, Robert, butcher, Heigham st.
Brinkley, James, Southwell Arms, Front row, Lakenham
Britcher, Charles, plasterer, Pitt street
Britcher, John, boat builder, Carrow Abbey; h Bracondale
Britcher, Thomas, bricklayer, Pottergate street
Brittain, George, collector for the Water Works Compy., Southgate street
Britton, John, pill box manufacturer, Oak street
Brock, George, soap and candle manufacturer, Alma terrace, St.
Augustine’s gates
Brock, Samuel, baker and confectioner, St. Augustine’s street
Brock, William, baker, &c., Oak street
Brogden, Thomas, Magdalen road
Brook, Edmund, dyer, King street
Brook, Isaac, Oak street
Brook, Thomas Verlander, tea and coffee dealer and tobacconist, Bethel
street
Brooke, William, Grey Friars’ school, Priory lane
Brooks, Anthony and James, coal merchants, Barn road
Brooks, Cooper, leather merchant, St. Stephen’s plain
Brooks, David, greengrocer, Lower Westwick street
Brooks, Henry, bricklayer and plasterer, Hall road, Lakenham
Brooks, James, carpenter and builder, Tabernacle street
Brooks, John, blacksmith, All Saints’ street; h Magdalen place
Brooks, John, whitesmith and marine store dealer, Golden Ball street
Brooks, Thomas, joiner and builder, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Brooks, William, shopkeeper, Oak street
Brownfield, John, surgeon, Magdalen street
Browes, James, green grocer, Lower King street
Browes, Miss Pamela, milliner and dressmaker, Chapel street, Crook’s
place
Brown, Mr. Alfred, Tamworth terrace, Unthank’s road
Brown, Miss Ann, dressmaker, Sherbourne place, Mariner’s lane
Brown, Miss Anna Maria, milliner and dressmaker, Muspole street
Brown and Bailey, builders, &c., West Pottergate street
Brown, B., baker, city road, New Lakenham
Brown, Benjamin, dyer, Robson’s yard, St. Martin’s at Oak
Brown, Christopher, bricklayer and plasterer, Hall road, Lakenham
Brown, Eliza, dressmaker, Rochester buildings, Norfolk street
Brown, Elizabeth, butcher, Bishopgate street, St. Helen’s
Brown, Mr. Frederick, Bracondale
Brown, Frederick, corn merchant and malster, Lower King street
Brown, Frederic William, Hope Brewery, joiner and builder, pump maker and
well sinker, St. Saviour’s lane
Brown, George, merchant, King street; h Bracondale
Brown, George, tailor, Upper King street
Brown, George, Unicorn, St. Stephen’s street
Brown, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, and agent for the Alliance Fire and
Life Assurance office, 14, Gentleman’s walk
Brown, Henry, Ten Bells, wood carver, Upper Westwick street, St.
Swithin’s
Brown, Henry, lodging-house keeper, William street
Brown, James, green grocer, Colegate street
Brown, Rev. James Landy, M.A., the Grove, Chapel field
Brown, John, architect and surveyor, county surveyor, and surveyor to the
Dean and Chapter, King street
Brown, John, bricklayer, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Brown, John, builder, William street
Brown, John, baker, Muspole street
Brown, John, grocer, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Brown, John, carpenter and builder, Clarence Harbour, Thorpe Hamlet
Brown, Mrs. Maria, milliner and haberdasher, Bridge street, St. George’s
Brown, Maria, baker, Lower Westwick street, St. Margaret’s
Brown, Mary Anne, Royal Oak, St. Augustine’s street
Brown, Peter, carpenter, &c., City road, Heigham fields
Brown, Philip, Esq., Thorpe Hamlet
Brown, Mr. Robert, Grove terrace, Unthank’s road
Brown, Robert, bone crusher, St. Benedict’s lane
Brown, Rose Ann, Corn Exchange tavern, Little London street
Brown, Sophia, baker and shopkeeper, Philadelphia
Brown, Thomas, clerk, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Brown, Thomas, fishmonger, Fishmarket
Brown and Wright, millwrights, engineers, stone builders, and workers of
brass, &c., King street, near Rose corner (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 14.)
Brown, William, blacksmith, Lower King street
Brown, William, Lower Close
Brown, William, lodging-house keeper, John street, Rose lane
Brown, Mrs. William, lodging-house keeper, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Browne and Barker, hatters and hosiers, 10, London street
Browne, Charles, provision dealer, 57, St. Stephen’s street
Browne, David, nursery, florist and seedsman, 41, London street, and
Sprowston
Browne, George, Esq., 3, Upper St. Giles’ street
Browne, George, clothier, Orford hill
Browne, Hall, grocer, Ber street
Browne, John, The Adelphi, White Lion street
Browne, John, and Sons, ironmongers and color merchants, 4, Upper market
Browne, Joseph, tobacco-pipe maker, St. Stephen’s street
Browne, Lovick Anstead, Foundry Bridge Tavern, Rose lane
Browne, Samuel, grocer and tea dealer, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Browne, Mrs. Sarah, dyer and dresser, Tombland
Browne, William, and Co., lithographers, engravers, and copperplate
printers, and land surveyors, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Browne, William, Heigham road, Earlham road, (see W. Browne and Co.)
Browne, William John Utten, Esq., barrister, Heigham grove, St. Giles’
road
Brownson, Miss Ann and Sarah, the Chantry
Browsell, William, Pope’s Head, Upper market
Bruce, Mrs. Jane Scott, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Bruff, Robert, Lord Camden, Charing Cross
Brundell, Mrs. Mary Ann, dressmaker, Upper King street
Brunning, John, fly proprietor, St. Catherine’s plain, Lakenham
Brussey, Benjamin, grocer, St. Augustine’s street
Bryant, Samuel, beer retailer, Thorn lane
Buck, Charles Harrison, boot and shoe maker, Back of the Inns
Buck, John, agricultural implement maker, Grove place, New Lakenham
Buck, George, beer retailer, Mill street, Lakenham
Buck, Zachariah, doctor of music, Upper Close
Buckenham, John Charles, watch and clock maker, Tombland
Bugden, Thomas and Edward, wholesale tea dealers and grocers, St. Mary’s
plain
Bugden, Thomas, grocer, (see Bugden, Thomas and Edward); h Gildengate
street
Bugg, Mrs. Hannah, milliner and dressmaker, St. Augustine’s street
Bugg, Isaac, solicitor, commissioner to administer oaths in Chancery in
England, and perpetual commissioner for taking acknowledgements of deeds
by married women, (see Miller, Son, and Bugg); h Newmarket road
Bulgin, Henry, wholesale mourning milliner, Freeman’s Villas, Unthank’s
road
Bull, Miss Jane, the Crescent, Chapel field
Bull, George, willow pill-box manufacturer, Silver street
Bullard, John, waterman, Lower King street
Bullard, Mrs. John, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Bullard, Maria, shopkeeper, Trowse
Bullard, Richard, brewer, malster, wine and spirit merchant, and corn and
coal merchant, Bridge street, St. Miles’; h 24, St. Giles’ street
Bullard, Robert, brewer’s clerk, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Bullard, Robert, fruiterer, Swan lane
Bullard, William, flour dealer, 17, Suffolk street, Union place
Bullard, William, tailor and woollen draper, 14, Exchange street; h
Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Bullen, Miss Elizabeth, eating house, Bridewell alley
Bullen, George, ticket writer, Catton rd.
Bullen, William Vincent, hairdresser, confectioner, and fruiterer, Golden
Ball street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 14)
Bullimore, Mary Ann, tailoress, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Bullock, John, bird preserver, Lower Westwick street, St. Swithin’s
Bultitude, Edward, cabinet maker, Charing cross
Bungay, Elizabeth and Ann, grocers and tea dealers, Trowse
Bunn, Charles, bricklayer and plasterer, Vauxhall Tavern, Julian street
Bunn, John, architect and surveyor, 20, Pottergate street
Bunn, Robert, watch and clock maker, Timberhill street
Bunn, Samuel, Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Bunnett, Edward, professor of music, the Close
Bunnett, Thomas C., butcher, Distillery street
Bunting, James, shopkeeper, Coslany street, St. Miles’
Bunting, John, plumber, painter, and glazier, St. Giles’ road
Bunting, Richard, French polisher, Lower Westwick street
Burch, Conrade, fruiterer and green grocer, West End street, Heigham
Burcham, Samuel, corn and coal merchant, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Burdett, Jonathan, The Dial, Dereham road
Burgess, John, artist, Willow Cottage, Lower close
Burgess, Richard, The Eagle tavern, Lower Westwick street
Burgess, Robert, plumber, painter, and glazier, Chapel field; h Rose
valley, Unthank’s road
Burgess, William, shoemaker, Coslany street, St. Miles’
Burman, Henry, basket maker, Oak st.
Barrage, Edward, baker, Julian street, Julian place
Burrage, Edwin, confectioner, &c., Church street
Burrage, Frederick Joseph, boarding and day school, Golden Dog lane
Burrage and Jeffries, tailors and outfitters, 2, Davey place
Burrage, John, clothier, Davey place; h Dereham road
Burrage, John Charles, boarding and day school, Castle hill; h 2, Little
Orford street
Burrage, Mrs. Joseph James, ladies’ boarding and day school, Golden Dog
lane
Burrage, William, Plasterer’s Arms, Cowgate street
Burrell, Benjamin, builder, Lower King street
Burrell, Elizabeth, beer retailer, Church street, St. Miles’
Burrell, Mr. James, Magdalen street
Burrell, John, horsehair manufacturer, Gildengate street
Burrell, Robert, Rose Tavern, St. Martin’s at Oak street
Burrell, William, general shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Burroughes, Randall Ellis, solicitor, (see Foster, Son, Burroughes, and
Robberds;) h Thorpe Hamlet
Burroughs, George, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Burrows, Barnard Lemon, chemist and druggist, Ber street gates
Burrows, Edward, shoemaker, Oak street
Burrows, George, coal merchant, St. Edmund’s square, Water lane, Fishgate
street
Burrows, George C., agency office, Post Office street
Burrows, John, The Cock, Upper St. Giles’
Burrows, Lewis, coal dealer, Cowgate street, St. Paul’s
Burrows, Mrs. Mary, beer retailer, Colegate street
Burrows, Robert, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Burrows, William, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturer, St. Clement’s
Church alley
Burrows, William, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Burrows, William, Duncan Arms, Magdalen street
Burt, Miss Priscilla, Chapel field grove
Burton, Emma, dressmaker, Trafalgar street
Burton, Frederick Charles, professor of music, St. Stephen’s road
Burton, George, coffee and eating house, Castle hill
Burton, Gent, provision merchant, 12, Dove street
Burton, Thomas, hawker, Trafalgar street
Bush, Edward, clock maker, St. Mary’s plain
Bush, George, toy and fancy warehouse, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Bush, George W., foreman at Fletcher’s printing office; h Chapel Field
road
Bush, John, bricklayer, Union place
Bush, John, beer retailer, Fishgate street
Bush, Mrs. Mary Ann, Princes’ street
Bush, Rebecca, The Alma Tavern, Pottergate street
Bush, Mr. Robert, 2, Earlham Road terrace
Bushell, George, clerk, Gas hill, Thorpe hamlet
Bushell, William, butcher, Norfolk street, Union place
Bushnell, Joseph, wood carver, Suffolk street, Heigham
Bussey, Henry, reporter for the “Norwich Mercury,” Leicester place,
Vauxhall street
Butcher, Brothers, paper manufacturers, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Butcher, Mr. John M., Mount Pleasant
Butcher, James, Goose and Gridiron, and blacksmith, St. Stephen’s street
Butcher, Jeremiah, Esq., 11, Newmarket road
Butcher, Robert, Crown and Anchor, St. Augustine’s street
Butcher, Robert, and Nephew, wholesale grocers, Bank plain and Queen
street
Butcher, Mr. Robert Edward, Theatre street
Butcher, Simon, green grocer, St. Augustine’s street
Butcher, Simon, furniture broker, St. Augustine’s
Butcher, Walter Whitton, Red House, Timberhill street
Butcher, William, green grocer, Elm hill
Butcher, William, and Sons, auctioneers, land agents, and surveyors,
Theatre street, and 37, Bedford row, London
Butcher, Mr. William, sen., Theatre street
Butter, Caroline, green grocer, Bull close
Butler, Charles, merchant’s clerk, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Butler, Edward, solicitor’s clerk, Ber Street gates
Butler, Henry, tailor, Russell street
Butler, James, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Butler, James, Finket street
Butler, Mary, coal dealer, Lower Westwick street, St. Margaret’s
Butler, John, coal dealer, Lower Westwick street
Butler, Robert, rent collector, Ber street
Butler, Thomas, shopkeeper, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Butler, Thomas Bulwer, attorney’s clerk, John street, Rose lane
Butler, William, clothes’ dealer, St. Lawrence
Batterbee, James, clothes’ dealer
Buttifant, Davis, hairdresser, Golden Ball street
Buttifant, Henry, ironmonger, Grapes’ hill
Buttifant, Henry and Josiah, ironmongers, and oil and colour merchants,
William street, Heigham
Buttifant, John, cabinet maker, and picture-frame maker, 2, St. Ann’s
terrace, Synagogue street
Buttifant, Josiah, Conservative Registration Rooms, and secretary to the
Provident Building Society, Bethel street
Buttifant, Thomas, shoe manufacturer, Adelaide street, Heigham
Buttle, Richard, coal merchant, and beer retailer, Quay side
Button, Edward John, accountant, 1, Albion place, Mount pleasant
Button, Mr. John, 7, Newmarket terrace, Newmarket road
Buxley, James, Marquis of Gransby, Bishopgate street
Buxton, John, tobacconist, St. Stephen’s street
Buxton, Joseph, (inland revenue office) 3, Heigham road
Buxton, Stephen, baker, Thorpe hamlet
Byles, Robert, “Jubilee,” Ber street
Cadge, William, surgeon, All Saints’ green
Caldwell, Rev. Charles, 3, Heigham terrace, Dereham road
Caley, Albert J., pharmaceutical chemist, London street
Caley, Nathaniel Henry, draper, silk mercer, and shawl manufacturer,
London street
Caley, John Thomas, tailor, St. Benedict’s street
Callow, William Julian, brazier, and tin-plate worker, Golden Ball street
Calton, John Dixon, Club-house Tavern, Old Post Office court
Calver, John, boot and shoe maker, Church street, St. Simon’s
Calver, John, harness maker, All Saints’ green
Calver, John French, Old Crown, Oak street
Calver, Josiah, warehouseman, Infirmary road
Calver, Thomas, wholesale and retail boot and shoe manufacturer, St.
Giles’ street
Calvert, Rev. Thomas, Upper Surrey street
Campling, Abraham, commercial traveller, St. Saviour’s lane
Campling, Alfred, dyer, Botolph street
Campling, Miss Ann, laundress, Gildengate street
Campling, Mrs. Eliza Jane, boarding and day school, Castle hill
Campling, George, greengrocer, Magdalen street
Campling, George, Two Brewers, Magdalen street
Campling, James, millwright, engineer, ironfounder, agricultural
implement manufacturer, and commission agent; repository, Golden Ball
street
Campling, James, engineer, millwright, and boiler maker, Buff Coat lane
Iron Works (see also repository, Golden Ball street); h Castle hill,
Prospect place
Campling, James, bookbinder, Westlegate street
Campling, Jeremiah, Rifleman tavern, Cross lane
Campling, Jessie, Postman, Chatham street, Sussex street, St. Augustine’s
Campling, John, fishmonger, Magdalen street
Campling, Paul, shopkeeper, West Pottergate street
Campling, Peter, coal dealer, West Pottergate street
Campling, Robert, governor of City gaol, St. Giles’ gates
Campling, Samuel, Fortune of War, Calvert street
Campling, Thomas, plumber, glazier, and gas fitter, Coslany street
Campling, Thomas, Bloomsbury street, Rose lane
Campling, William, Bull (Snow’s chop house) Market place
Candler, Miss Elizabeth, 5, Foundry terrace, Thorpe hamlet
Candler, John, plumber, St. Saviour’s lane
Candler, John, wholesale stationer, and brush manufacturer, 5, Rampant
Horse street
Canham, Mrs. Emma, baby linen warehouse, 68½, St. Stephen’s street
Canham, Isaiah, clerk, Heigham road
Canham, Mrs. Margaret, 1, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Canham, Sarah, furniture broker, Ber street
Canham, Thomas, assistant draper, Gloucester place, St. Catherine’s plain
Canham, William, boot and shoemaker, Lower Westwick street
Cann, Mrs. Mary, stay maker, Fisher’s lane
Cann, Samuel, Philadelphia saw mills
Cann, Watling, Philadelphia
Cannell, Albert Francis, tailor and woollen draper, Lower Goat lane
Cannell, Benjamin, pork butcher, St. James’ street
Cannell, Elizabeth, lodging-house keeper, Unthank’s road
Cannell, George Symonds, boot and shoe maker, Ber street
Cannell, Hannah, grocer and tea dealer, and ale, porter, and spirit
merchant, Unthank’s road
Cannell, Mr. Henry, Newmarket road
Cannell, James, grocer and tea dealer, Upper Westwick street
Cannell, Mr. Nunn, Newmarket road
Cannell, Peter, miller, Mousehold heath
Cannell, Robert, baker, King street
Canner, John, Prince of Wales, Upper Westwick street
Cannon, Goss William S., fish merchant, Fisher’s lane
Capes, George, wholesale and retail tea dealer, Nelson street, Heigham
Capon, James, merchant’s clerk, John street, Rose lane
Caprani, Lewis and Co., hardware dealers, and importers of toys and fancy
goods, White Lion street
Capp, Ellen, Napier tavern, Castle hill
Carley, Mrs. C., Douro terrace, Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Carpenter, Mrs. Philip Samuel, 3, Langham place, Dereham road
Carpenter, Robert, cooper, Oak street
Carr, Charles, Briton’s Arms, Elm hill
Carr, Mrs. Harriett, matron of “Orphan’s Home,” Pottergate street
Carr, William, clicker, Muspole street
Caro, Rev. Simon, linguist, Ber street
Carter, Rev. George, M.A., (rector of Trowse and Lakenham) Lower Close
Carter, John, commercial traveller, 29, Newmarket road
Carter, John, dyer, All Saints’ street
Carter, John, cowkeeper, Catton road
Carter, John, shoemaker, Peacock street
Carter, Henry, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Carter, Mrs. Henry, St. Helen’s square, Bishopgate street
Carter, Miss Sarah, 19, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Carter, Thomas, general shopkeeper, St. James street
Carter, William, Barley Mow, Haymarket
Cartwright, Frederick, bill poster, Broad street, St. Andrew’s
Cartwright, Henry, gunmaker, Rampant Horse street
Cartwright, Mrs., haberdasher, Magdalen road
Carver, Charles, shoemaker, Wellington street
Carver, Miss C. E., teacher of music, Douro terrace, Heigham grove
Carver, Rebecca, general shopkeeper, 12, Surrey terrace, Lakenham
Carver, Mrs. Ruth (ladies’ seminary) West Pottergate street
Carver, William, shopkeeper, Ber street
Carver, William, Bull’s Head tavern, Ber street
Carver, Wm., beer retailer, shopkeeper, and shoemaker, Trowse Millgate
Case, Philip, Esq., the Town Close
Casson, Daniel Bell, Jolly Farmers, St. John’s Maddermarket
Casper, George, and Co., shoe manufacturers, Wensum street; h Lower Close
Castle, W., hairdresser, Upper Market
Castleton, William S., tailor, Howard street, Lakenham
Caston, William, Rose lane
Caston, John, grocer, tea dealer, ale, porter, and spirit merchant, St.
Benedict’s gates
Catchpole, John, shopkeeper, and beer retailer, Cowgate street
Catling, Alfred, baker, Carrow hill
Cattermole, David, Coach and Horses, Thorpe road
Cattermole, William, baker, Front row, Lakenham
Cattermoul, Mrs. Esther, lodging-house keeper, St. Benedict’s plain
Cattermoul, Everett, Esq., Pitt street
Cattermoul, James, Eagle tavern, Newmarket road
Cattermoul, John Overton, builder, Pitt street
Cattermoul, Thomas Mathews, Bridge tavern, Wensum street
Cattermoul, William, bookbinder, 22, White Lion street
Cattermoul, William, The Allies, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Cattermoul, William, Chapel Field road
Cattermoule, Thomas, beer retailer, Ber street
Cavendish, Mrs. Mary, 3, Crescent place, Chapel Field road
Cawdron, Henry, shopkeeper and lodging house, Bethel street
Cawdron, Jonathan, turning lathe and tool maker, and turner in general,
Duke street
Cettermer, Isaac, baker, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Chalker, Elizabeth (day school) Tills’ court, Ber street
Chalker, Mary Ann, beer retailer, Coslany street
Challis, John, Bracondale
Challis, Thomas, boot maker, London street
Chambers, Miss Grace, Upper Close
Chambers, Mrs. Mary, Theatre street
Chambers, Sarah, dressmaker, Ber street gates
Chamberlin, James, grocer and tea dealer, Post Office street
Chamberlin, William, cabinet maker, Calvert street
Chamberlin, Sons and Co., wholesale and retail drapers, silk mercers,
Market place
Champlin, George, wool dealer, St. Mary’s Church alley
Chandler, Miss H., dressmaker, St. Stephen’s road
Chandler, Samuel, cowkeeper, St. Stephen’s road
Chapman, Abel, butcher, Magdalen street
Chapman, Mrs. Jane Emery, Pottergate street
Chapman, John, greengrocer, St. Miles’ Church alley
Chapman, John, greengrocer, Union place
Chapman, Luke, market gardener, Dereham road
Chapman, Matthew, fellmonger, Upper Heigham
Chapman, Mrs. Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Palace street
Chapman, Philip, Gardeners’ Arms, Tinkler’s lane
Chapman, Samuel, butcher, Upper St. Giles’ street
Chapman, Thomas, tea dealer, 4, Keyzor’s terrace, Unthank’s road
Chapman, Thomas Robert, butcher, Market place
Chapham, George Henry, chairmaker, and fancy cane worker, Ber street
Chaplin, George, woolstapler, Muspole street; h St. Mary’s Church alley
Chaplin, George, lodging-house keeper, Lower Close
Chase, Charles, 8, Surrey terrace, Surrey road
Chatfield, Francis Joseph, locomotive engineer, 1, Foundry terrace,
Thorpe hamlet
Chesteney, Richard, fruit, and green grocer, Upper St. Giles’ street
Chettleburgh, Henry, lodging house, 55, St. Giles’ street
Chettleburgh, Robert, saddler and harness maker, Tombland
Chettleburgh, Thomas, Kimberley Arms, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Chettleburgh, William, carter, Mousehold
Chettock, S., Mr., Somerset place, Holl’s lane
Chiddick, Francis J., baker and confectioner, Magdalen street
Child, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, St. Benedict’s street
Child, Stephen, blacksmith, Chapel Field road
Childs and Curry, photographers, Golden Ball street
Chilvers, Albert, railway clerk, Thorpe hamlet
Chilvers, James, professor of music, Pitt street
Chipperfield, Charles, flyman, St. Stephen’s gates
Chittock, Mrs. Ann, Portland place, Holl’s lane
Christie, Thomas, pawnbroker, Colegate street
Church, Charles, bill poster, Theatre street
Church, Mrs. Matilda, lodging house, Theatre street
Churchill, William, commission agent, Pitt street
Churchman, Mrs. Elizabeth, matron of the “Stanley Home,” St. Paul’s Back
lane
Churchyard, John, greengrocer, Coburg street
Clabburn, James, plumber, glazier, and painter, Oak street
Clabburn, Mrs., Pitt street
Clabburn, Sons, and Crisp, manufacturers of shawls, poplins, paramattas,
and every description of fancy dresses, Pitt street
Clabburn and Sparks, wine, spirit, and corn merchants, Magdalen street
Clare, Caroline, straw bonnet maker, Magdalen street
Clark, Ann, greengrocer, Ber street
Clark, Frederick and Son, rope, twine, and sack manufacturers, St.
Clement’s
Clark, Maria, grocer, Lower Westwick street
Clark, Mrs. S., dressmaker, Vauxhall street
Clark, William, beer retailer, Timberhill street
Clarke, Mrs. Ann, 7, The Crescent
Clarke, Charles, brewer, maltster, spirit and London porter merchant,
Coslany street
Clarke, David, boot and shoe maker, and shopkeeper, Golden Ball street
Clarke, Eliza, dressmaker, King street
Clarke, Eliza M., and C., milliners and dressmakers, Pottergate street
Clarke, Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, 37, Pottergate street
Clarke, Frederick, clerk, Rose lane
Clarke, Frederick Edward, tunist, Prince’s street
Clarke, Mrs. Hannah, 3, West End Cottage, Chapel Field road
Clarke, Mrs. Hannah, Coldstream terrace, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Clarke, Henry and George S., boot and shoe manufacturers, Gildengate
street; and Prince’s street, Ipswich
Clarke and Hunter, cabinet makers and upholsterers, carpet warehouse,
auctioneers, and undertakers, Dove street and Pottergate street
Clarke, Isaac, butcher, St. Augustine’s
Clarke, James, The Grapes Hotel, St. Giles’ gates
Clarke, John, Infirmary road
Clarke, John, wholesale shoe factor, Distillery street, Heigham
Clarke, John, accountant, Lame Dog road
Clarke, Mr. James, Peacock street
Clarke, John, commercial traveller, Jubilee place, Heigham road
Clarke, John, market gardener, Heigham causeway
Clarke, John, manufacturer, Calvert street
Clarke, John Friar, solicitor’s clerk, Charles street
Clarke, Mr. John Welham, (see Clarke and Hunter) Town Close road
Clarke, Miss Maria, tuscan and straw bonnet manufacturer, St. Gregory’s
Church alley
Clarke, Mary Ann, milliner and dressmaker, Upper King street
Clarke, Matthew, stone and marble mason, Distillery street, Heigham
Clarke and Reeve, wharfingers, carriers, and merchants, Duke’s palace
Wharf
Clarke, Richard, blacking manufacturer, Muspole street
Clarke, Robert, city missionary, Infirmary road
Clarke, Robert, commercial traveller, Coach and Horses road, Union place
Clarke, Robert N., shoemaker, Tuns tavern, White Friars’ street, St.
Martin’s at Palace
Clarke, Royal, general shopkeeper, William street
Clarke, Samuel, butcher, Unthank’s road
Clarke, Samuel, clerk, Distillery street
Clarke, Samuel, inspector of nuisances, Castle meadow
Clarke, Thomas, British Lion; and shoemaker; Coburg street
Clarke, William, boot closer, St. Benedict’s street
Claxton, Elizabeth, hay and corn dealer, St. Augustine’s
Claxton, George, cowkeeper, Baker’s road, St. Augustine’s
Claxton, Mr. Robert, Prospect place, Horn’s lane
Claxton, George Amond, beer retailer, Fishgate street
Claxton, Louisa, milliner and dressmaker, Fishgate street
Claxton, Walter, baker and shopkeeper, New Catton
Claxton, William and George, skin merchants and furriers, Horn’s lane,
King street
Clayton, George, fishmonger, Fishmarket
Clayton, Thomas, beer retailer, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Cletheroe, James, green grocer, Oak street
Cletheroe, James, painter, plumber, and glazier, City road, Heigham
Clitheroe, William, boot and shoe maker, Botolph street
Clements, John, attorney’s clerk, West Pottergate street
Clements, Robert John, Duke of Wellington, Chapel street, Union place
Clements, William, carter, Nelson street
Clifford, Mrs. Ann, 3, Earlham Road terrace
Clifford, Thomas, tailor, Magdalen street
Climpson, Edward, tailor, Hall road
Clowes, Charles, merchant’s clerk, St. Julian street
Clowes, Francis, (see Clowes and Flowerdew); h Bank place
Clowes and Flowerdew, auctioneers, valuers, and land agents, Bank
Chambers, Bank place
Coalman, Mrs. Sarah Ann, Chalk Hill cottage, Thorpe hamlet
Coaks, Richard, Esq., Golden Dog lane Magdalen street
Cobb, Leggatt, Rose inn, St. Augustine’s
Cobb, Rev. John William, Newmarket road
Cobb, Robert Leggatt, butcher, Magdalen street and St. Augustine’s
Cobb, Mrs. Susan, laundress, Essex street, Union place
Cobb, Rev. William, catholic priest, catholic chapel, Willow lane
Coble, the Misses Christiana and Lydia Louisa, dressmakers, Elm hill
Cobin, William, lodging-house keeper, Pottergate street
Cock, William, blacksmith, Ber street gates
Cockburn, Col. James, Bracondale
Cocks, Dennis, tailor and hatter, Magdalen street
Cocks, Mary, tailoress, Elm hill
Codling, Arthur John, boarding and day school, Magdalen street
Coe, Edward, store-keeper to the Cooperative Provision Compy., Lower Goat
lane
Coe, George, firework artist, Bull close
Coe, Mark, The Plough, Golden Ball street
Coe, Robert, shoemaker, Philadelphia
Cogman, Benjamin, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Cogman, James, green grocer, Oak street
Cogman, Mrs. Emma, dressmaker, &c., Prince’s street
Cogman, Frederick, tailor, Prince’s street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 20)
Cohen, Mrs., letter founder, Scole’s green
Cohen, Philip, fruiterer, Swan lane; h Distillery street
Colby, John, boot and shoe manufacturer, King’s buildings, Union place
Colby, Richard, printer and bookbinder, Golden Dog lane
Colby, Samuel, beer retailer, St. Giles’ hill
Coldham, Alfred, wine and dry cooper, Dereham road
Coldham, Henry, butcher, Bridge street, St. George’s
Coldham, James, The Barn tavern, St. Benedict’s
Coldham, John, tailor, Bartholomew street
Coldwell, Miss Amelia, boarding and day school, St. Clement’s Church
alley
Cole, Mrs. Ann, Thorpe Hamlet
Cole, Edward, accountant, Douro terrace, Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Cole, Elijah, Wheat Sheaf, Castle ditches
Cole, Mrs. Harriet, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Lower King street
Cole, Mrs. James, Thorpe hamlet
Cole, John B., tailor and woollen draper, Post office street
Coleby, Mrs. Elizabeth, 4, St. Stephen’s square
Coleman, Abraham, attorney’s clerk, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Coleman, Robert, Trowse Eye
Coleman, Mrs. Ruth, linen and woollen draper and silk mercer, London
street; h Bracondale
Coleman, George Lovick, wholesale and retail Manchester and Scotch
warehouse, opposite the Guildhall, Market place; h Unthank’s road
Coleman, Henry Bevely, draper, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s; h Mousehold,
Thorpe hamlet
Coleman, Mrs. Mary, Ipswich road
Coleman, Samuel, Albert Tavern, Ber street
Coleman, Timothy, beer retailer, White Horse, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Colman, Charles, fish and game dealer, Fishmarket
Colman, John Daniel, carpenter, Magdalen street
Colman, Sarah, milliner and dressmaker, Bethel street
Collett, Robert George, beer retailer, White Friars’ street, St. Martin’s
at Palace
Collier, Mrs. Charlotte, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
Collins, James, boot and shoe warehouse, 4, Davey place
Collyer, Col. William, Tombland
Colman and Glendenning, furnishing and general ironmongers, Rampant Horse
street
Colman, James, Peacock, St. Stephen’s plain
Colman, Jeremiah James, (see Colman and Glendenning); h Carrow house,
Carrow Abbey
Colman, J. and J., mustard, starch, and blue manufacturers, Stoke Mills,
and Carrow Works, Norwich, and 26, Cannon street, London
Colman, Mrs. James, Town close
Colman, Mrs. Jeremiah, Newmarket road
Colman, Mr. Robert, 9, Newmarket terrace, Newmarket road
Colman, Samuel, merchant’s clerk, Lakenham terrace, City road
Colman, William, farmer, St. Giles’ road
Colsey, Mr. Francis, (see Darken and Colsey); h 25, Victoria street
Coman, Henry, and Co., wholesale and retail grocers, &c., St. Benedict’s
street
Comer, Ann, clothier, St. Benedict’s street
Comer, James, glover, Magdalen street
Comer, Robert, shopkeeper, Thorpe hamlet
Compere, Thomas Bond, card maker, Norwich Card Works, St. Martin’s at
Palace
Cook, Ann, lodging-house keeper, St. Faith’s lane
Cook, Ann, corn and flour dealer, and livery and bait stables, Pitt
street
Cook, Benjamin, warehouseman, Muspole street
Cook, Miss Charlotte, 6, Foundry terrace, Thorpe hamlet
Cook, Charlotte, dressmaker, 59, St. Giles’ street
Cook, Edward, corn merchant, Infirmary road
Cook, Edward Thomas, boot and shoe maker, 21, White Lion street
Cook, Miss Harriet, Newmarket road
Cook, James, blacksmith, Pitt street; h Calvert street
Cook, James, clerk, 21, Victoria street
Cook, John, blacksmith, Dial yard, Coslany street
Cook, John, beer retailer, Ber street
Cook, John, cooper, Botolph street
Cook, Joseph, gilder, St. Faith’s lane
Cook, Robert, boot and shoe manufacturer, Pottergate street
Cook, Samuel, brush, patten, and clog manufactory, 6, Davey place
Cooke, Rev. Bell, Unthank’s road
Cooke, Edward, leather seller, St. John’s Maddermarket
Cooke, Edward Robert, clerk, St. John’s terrace, Ber street gates
Cooke, Mrs. Eliza, register office for servants, St. Stephen’s gates
Cooke, Rev. George, Upper King street
Cooke, Hannah, dyer, Coslany street, St. Miles’
Cooke, Mrs. Harriet, dyer, St. Augustine’s street
Cooke, Henry, 7, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Cooke, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen road
Cooke, Henry John, merchant’s clerk, John street, Heigham
Cooke, James, plumber, glazier, and painter, Blazeby’s buildings, Scole’s
green
Cooke, Miss Mary H. (day school) Distillery street, Heigham
Cooke, Philip, boot and shoe maker, Fishgate street
Cooke, William, Church street, St. Miles
Cooke, William, chemist and druggist, St. Giles’ street
Cooke, Rev. William, M.A., Thorpe hamlet
Cooper Carlos, barrister, Orford hill
Cooper, Mr. Daniel, Keyzor’s terrace, Unthank’s road
Cooper, Emanuel, surgeon, Tombland
Cooper, Mrs. Honor, dressmaker, Stepping lane
Cooper, James Daniel, shopkeeper, Rampant Horse street
Cooper, Mr. James George, Unthank’s road
Cooper, Jane, milliner, Magdalen street
Cooper, Jeremiah, Keel and Wherry, Lower King street
Cooper, Mr. John, 4, Richmond place, Lakenham
Cooper, John Norton Valentine, solicitor, 3, The Crescent
Cooper, Miss L., Thorpe hamlet
Cooper, Mrs. Mary, St. Mary’s alley
Cooper, Robert, Orchard tavern, St. Faith’s lane
Cooper, Rev. Robert Henry, 5, Grove Place terrace, Grove road, Lakenham
Cooper, Robert, solicitor, Private Road villas, Unthank’s road
Cooper and Son, silversmiths and jewellers, 20, London street
Cooper, Samuel, Cow inn, Cow hill, St. Giles’
Cooper, Mrs. Sarah, lodging-house keeper, Lower Close
Cooper, Thomas, Gardeners’ Arms, Timberhill street
Cooper, Thomas, grocer, St. Augustine’s
Cooper, William, The Plough (house and furniture painter) St. Benedict’s
street
Cooper, William, furniture broker, Baker’s road, St. Augustine’s
Cooper, William N., railway clerk, Albert place, Paragon street
Copeman, Rev. Charles Arthur, M.A., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Copeman and Bell, milliners, and straw bonnet warehouse, St. Gregory’s
Church alley
Copeman, Edward, Esq., M.D., St. Giles’ plain
Copeman, Edward, shoemaker and shopkeeper, Union street, Crook’s place
Copeman, Edward Robert, merchant’s clerk, Hall road, New Lakenham
Copeman, George, chimney sweeper, St. Stephen’s plain
Copeman, Mr. John, Surrey grove, Surrey road
Copeman and Sons, grocers and tea dealers, 12, The Walk
Copeman, William, agent to the Legal and Commercial Life, and Manchester
Fire offices, 12, The Walk
Copman, William, bootmaker, Lower King street
Copestake, Moore, Crampton, and Co., lace and muslin manufacturers;
manager, William Gibson, the Chantry
Copland, William S., solicitor’s clerk, Prince’s street
Copley, George, greengrocer and shoemaker, Pottergate street
Coppenwheat, Charles, boot and shoe manufacturer, Back Mill street,
Crook’s place
Coppin, Edward, shoe manufacturer, 8, York place, Chapel Field road
Corbitt, Rev. John, baptist minister, St. Catherine’s plain
Corbyn, Hartwell, tailor, Duke street
Cordean, William, cabinet and chair maker, 7, Crescent place, Chapel
Field road
Cordran, William, cabinet maker, Chapel Field row
Cork, Andrew Thompson, shoemaker, Waddington street, Heigham fields
Cork, Henry, shopkeeper, Magpie road
Cork, John, gardener and florist, Brunswick road, Newmarket road
Cork, Mary Ann, butcher, St. Augustine’s gates
Cork, William, butcher, Botolph street
Corrick, William, cabinet manufacturer, and paper hanger, 62, St. Giles’
street
Corsbie, Mr. Dennis Stoke, accountant, Mount Pleasant
Corsbie, Joseph, accountant, Surrey terrace
Corsbie, Samuel Webster, accountant, Distillery street, Heigham
Cory, Christmas, tailor, Calvert street
Cosgrove, Thomas Rolfe, Old Steam Packet tavern, Rose lane
Cossey, John, estate agent, Gildengate street
Cossey, Robert, beer retailer, Oak street
Cott, Thomas, pawnbroker, Pottergate street
Cott, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Julian street, Julian place
Cottingham, Joseph John, dispensing chemist, and wholesale druggist, 1,
St. Giles’ street
Cottom and Brewster, butchers, Market place
Cottom, Thomas, butcher, Upper Heigham
Cousens, James, trunk maker, Fishgate street
Cousens, John, shoemaker, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Cousins, James, fruiterer, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Cousins, Thomas, shoe manufacturer, 61, Bethel street
Cousins, William, plumber, painter, and glazier, Lady’s lane
Covell, John, ginger beer manufacturer, Elm hill
Cowan, Alexander, travelling draper, Lady’s lane
Cowan, Mrs. Charlotte, Tuns tavern, All Saints’ green
Cox, Alfred, blacksmith, St. Stephen’s; h Chapel street, Crook’s place
Cox, Mrs. Ann, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Cox, Edmund, Sons of Commerce, Thorn lane
Cox, John, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Cox, Mary, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Cox, Sarah, midwife, Oak street
Cox, Samuel, shoemaker, Wellington street
Cox, William Henry, teacher of music, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Cozens, James, and Son, maltsters, corn and coal merchants, Upper
Westwick street
Cozens, Mary Ann, Pitt street
Cozens, Richard, Esq., Eva Cottages, Catton
Cracknel 1 Richard, Mount Pleasant
Crane, Miss Sophia, Vauxhall street
Crane, Commander Pointer, R.N., 6, Dereham road terrace
Crask, Henry, hair dresser, Coburgh street
Craske, James, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Lower Goat lane
Craske, Josiah John, commercial traveller, 2, Heigham terrace, Dereham
road
Craske, William, merchant’s clerk, Keyzor’s place, Holl’s lane
Crawfoot William, cabinet maker, Ber street
Crawford William, boot maker, Bank plain
Creake, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Coburgh street
Creasby, Edmund, commission agent, and wholesale hosiery, elastic, web,
and belt manufacturer, Colegate street
Cremer, Robert, resident medical officer at the Guardians’ dispensary,
Elm hill
Cresswell, Harrison John, banker’s clerk, Bracondale
Crickmay, Edward, surgeon, Magdalen street
Crickmore, Henry, chop house and commercial boarding house, Exchange
street
Crickmore, William, furniture broker, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Crisp, Miss Elizabeth, Newmarket street
Crisp, George, shoe manufacturer, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Crisp, Lieut. James, R.N., Earlham cottage, West parade, Earlham road
Crisp, John, boot lace manufacturer, Heigham causeway
Crisp, John, corn merchant, cinder ovens yard, King street; h Beccles
Crisp, John W., tailor and draper, Castle meadow
Crisp, Thomas Dawson, manufacturer, Pitt street
Crisp, William, chimney sweeper, Lower Westwick street
Critchfield, Samuel, professor of music, Upper King street
Croker, Mr. John, 13, Newmarket road
Crook, John, surgeon, Tombland
Crook, Madame Oury, and Miss Clarissa, professors of dancing and singing,
Tombland
Cross, Daniel, solicitor’s clerk, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Cross, Daniel, shopkeeper, Ber street
Cross, Mrs. Elizabeth, 3, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Cross, John, solicitor’s clerk, 5, Trafalgar place, Dereham road
Cross, William, butcher, Rose lane
Crosse, Mrs. Dorothy, Orford Hill
Crosse, Thomas William, surgeon and registrar of births and deaths for
the Mancroft district, 22, St. Giles’ street
Crosskill Robert, greengrocer, Bridge street, St. George’s
Crosskill, Robert, jun., cork manufacturer, Bridge street, St. George’s
Crosskill William, greengrocer, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Crotch, John, general shopkeeper, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Crotch, Matthew, hair dresser, St. James’ street
Crotch, William, fowl dealer, Oak street
Crotch, William, beer retailer, Oak street
Crow, Edward, beer retailer and coal merchant, Lower Westwick street
Crowe, Ann, dressmaker, Ten Bell lane
Crowe, Charles, dining rooms, Elm hill
Crowe, Miss Elizabeth, boarding school, Calvert street
Crowe, Elizabeth, general shopkeeper, Elm hill
Crowe, Edward, coal merchant, Balloon, Lower Westwick street
Crowe, John, and Son, cabinet makers and upholsterers, carvers, gilders,
and paper hangers, St. Stephen’s street
Crowe, Robert, cabinet maker, St. Stephen’s street, h Newmarket road
Crowfoot, George, baker, Prince’s street
Crowfoot, William, furniture broker, Ber street
Crowther, Rev. Henry Martin, M.A., sub-master of Grammar School, St.
Andrew’s Broad street
Croxford, Edward, agent for the London Printing and Publishing Compy.,
33, Magdalen street
Croxford, Henry, bookseller, stationer, and fancy repository, hon. sec.
to the Art Union of London, and agent for the Westminster and General
Life, and Westminster Fire Assurance Compys., Tombland
Cubitt, George, and Son, wholesale and retail chemists and druggists,
agents to the Clerical, Medical, and General Life Assurance Society, and
the Norwich Equitable Fire Association, 17, The Walk
Cubitt, James, shopkeeper and beer retailer, Lower King street
Cubitt, John, pork butcher, The Royal Exchange, Julian street, Julian
place
Cubitt, Samuel Durrant, Wholesale ironmonger, Mitchell’s court, Market
place; h 2, Victoria street
Cubitt, Stannard, manufacturer, St. George’s plain
Cubitt, Thomas, glove maker, Coslany street
Cubitt, Thomas, The Jolly Brewers, Magdalen street
Cubitt, Thomas, furniture broker, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Cubitt, William Jary, wine and spirit merchant, Magdalen street
Cudbard, Charles, machine maker, Theatre street
Cudden, Mrs. Ann, The Rifleman, All Saints’ green
Cullen, Mr. Thomas Barsham, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Culley, John Baldwin, solicitor, Upper King street
Culley and Hart, general merchants, Duke’s palace
Culley, Henry Utting, miller; manager, John Davy, Lower Westwick street
Culley, Richard, Esq., Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Cullingford, Frederick, rag merchant, St. Benedict’s street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 26)
Cullingford, Thomas, rag merchant, Botolph st. (_see Advertisement_, _p._
26)
Cullingford, William, rag merchant, Ber street (_see Advertisement_, _p._
26)
Cullington, Mary Ann, boot and shoe manufacturer, Queen street
Cullington, William, tailor, Lady’s lane
Cullyer, Christmas and George, white and lock smiths and bell hangers,
Cow hill
Cullyer, George, whitesmith, St. Benedict’s plain, Pottergate street
Cullyer, William Frederick, glass stainer, &c., Ten Bell lane
Culyer, Mrs. Ann, lodging-house keeper, Grapes’ hill
Culyer, Charles Arthur, cooper, Rampant Horse street
Culyer, Erasmus Stannard, slate works, Lower King street
Culyer, Thomas, ecclesiastical and cabinet carver, 1, Castle meadow
Cundall, Benjamin, and Son, linen drapers, silk mercers, and shawl
manufacturers, The Walk
Cundall and Miller, (late Priest) booksellers, stationers, printers, book
binders, and engravers, Rampant Horse street
Cundall, Miller, and Leavins, printers and publishers, Rampant Horse
street
Cundall, Richard, (see Cundall, Benjamin, and Son) The Walk
Cunningham, Edward, artist, &c., Ber street
Cunningham, Emily, straw bonnet maker, St. Miles’ Church alley
Cunningham, Edwin, shoe manufacturer, Ebenezer street
Cunningham, Mrs. Mary Ann, dressmaker, 4, Duke street
Cunningham, Thomas, Eight Ringers, Coslany street
Cunnington and Co., general wood turners, Cow hill, St. Giles’
Cupper, James, coal merchant, 5, St. Stephen’s Back street
Curle, Robert, shoemaker, King street
Curme, Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, Magdalen street
Curme, George, butcher, Magdalen street
Curson, William, The Old Star, Quay side
Curson, William, Steam Packet, St. Catherine’s plain
Curtis and Balls, builders and contractors, West Pottergate street
Curtis, David, carrier and shopkeeper, Philadelphia
Curtis, Francis, builder, West Pottergate street
Curtis, George, bricklayer and plasterer, Scoles’ green
Curtis, Mr. George William, Thorpe hamlet
Curtis, Mr. John T., Islington house, New Catton
Curtis, John, last and boot tree maker, Fishgate street
Curtis, Joseph, carpenter, Botolph street
Curtis, Lambert G., teacher of music and singing, 57, St. Giles’
Curtis, Mrs. Mary, Union place
Curtis, Rebecca, general shopkeeper, Upper Regent street, Union place
Curtis, Sarah, lodging-house keeper, White Friars’ street
Curtis, William, currier and leather seller, Upper Westwick street, St.
Lawrence
Curtis, William, police sergeant, Somerleyton street
Cushing, Charles, wood turner, St. Lawrence lane
Cushing, John, basket and sieve maker, Magdalen street
Cushing, William, beer retailer, Magdalen street
Cushing, William, Wellington place, Grove road
Cushion, William, timber dealer, Lothian street
Cushion, Jonathan, carpenter, Magdalen street
Cutting, William, Hampshire Hog, St. Swithin’s Church alley
Dabson, Thomas, ornamental painter, Botolph street
Dack, Jonathan, fishmonger, Fishgate street
Dade, Charlotte, milliner, 3, Swan lane
Dade, Miss, Somerset place, Holl’s lane
Dady, Daniel, fruiterer and green grocer, St. Stephen’s street
Dady, Mrs., Walnut Tree Shades, wine and spirit merchant, Old Post Office
court
Dady, Henry, coal carter, St. Stephen’s back street
Dadson, William, clerk, Thorpe hamlet
Daines, Elizabeth, Coach and Horses, Bethel street
Daines, James, boot and shoe maker, Holl’s lane
Daines, Mrs. Mary, glover, Church street, St. Julian’s
Daines, Richard, sugar boiler, &c., St. Gregory’s church alley
Daines, Robert, carpenter, Hall road, Lakenham
Dakin and Co., wholesale and family tea dealers and coffee roasters, 7,
Davey place
Dallinger and Son, engravers, printers, and lithographers, 12, Davey
place
Dallinger, Joseph, sen., (see Dallinger and Son) engraver, 12, Davey
place
Dallinger, Joseph A., (see Dallinger and Son) engraver, and agent for the
Unity Fire and English Widows’ Fund and General Life Offices, 12, Davey
place, Norwich
Dalrymple, Arthur, solicitor, St. Giles’ street
Dalrymple and Cadge, surgeons, Surrey street
Dalrymple, Donald, M.D., Surrey street
Dalton, Samuel, solicitor, St. Giles’ terrace
Dambrock, John, musical instrument maker, Jolly Butchers, Ber street
Daniels, Benjamin, butcher, Colegate street, St. Clement’s
Daniels, Miss Hannah, milliner and dressmaker, Magdalen street
Daniels, Joseph, Buff Coat inn, Buff Coat lane
Daniels, Richard, The Grapes inn, Red Lion street
Daniels, Robert, baker, Rosemary lane
Daniels, Robert, general smith, Trowse Newton
Daniels, Thomas, Prince Albert, Dove street
Daplin, Mark, gig builder and carpenter, Lothian street, Heigham
Daplyn, Mrs. Mary, baker, St. Augustine’s
Darken and Colsey, pianoforte and music warehouse, and musical
circulating library, 6, London street
Darken, James, news agent, Little London street
Darkins, Canuel, builder, Magdalen street
Darsley, William, hackney master, George inn, St. Stephen’s street
Dann, Thomas Richard, merchant’s clerk, Hall’s road
Dann, Isaac, The Whitefriars’ tavern, Whitefriars’ street, St. Martin at
Palace
Dashwood, George, Heigham road
Dashwood, Lancelot, surgeon, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Daveney, Colonel Burton, Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Daveney, Charles Burton, solicitor, agent for the Royal Fire and Life
Office, Bethel street
Davey, Miss, Magdalen street
Davey, Mrs. Eliza, Union place
Davey, Thomas, and Son, silk merchants, Pitt street
Davidson, William, green grocer, Cowgate street
Davies and Son, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturers, Calvert street
Davis, Rev. David, B.A., (Unitarian) Tamworth terrace, Unthank’s road
Davis, Edward, boot and shoe maker, Youell’s buildings, New Lakenham
Davis, James, fishmonger, Fishgate street
Davis, John, and Co., surgeons, Pottergate street
Davis, Mrs. Harriet, Trafalgar place, Hall road
Davis, Mark, working jeweller, Ber street
Davis, Thomas, shopkeeper, Hall road
Davison, Matthew, Garden street, St. John’s Sepulchre
Davison, Matthew, baker, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Davy, Miss Jane, milliner, Upper St. Giles’ street
Davy, John, printer, St. Clement’s church alley
Davy, William Purdy, Esq., Thurso place, Dereham road
Dawbarn, James, shipowner, coal and salt merchant, Castle meadow
Dawdy, Mr. Edward, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Dawes, Lawrence, carver and gilder, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Dawes, Lawrence, green grocer, William street
Daws, Charles Willimot, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Daws, Robert, joiner and builder, Hampden place, Dereham road
Dawson, Edward, tailor, Scoles’ green
Dawson, George, brickmaker and farmer, Brazen Doors’ road
Dawson, George, Black Eagle, grocer and tea dealer, Wellington terrace,
Union place
Dawson, George, 4, Kent place, Vauxhall street
Dawson, Jabez, cabinet and chair maker, 17, Distillery street
Dawson, William, city missionary, 16, Distillery street
Dawson, John, tailor, Ber street
Dawson, John, cattle dealer, Magdalen street
Dawson, Jonathan, butcher, Magdalen street
Dawson, Philip, jun., butcher, Magdalen street
Dawson, Robert, shoemaker, Lame Dog road
Dawson, Samuel, grocer, Oak street
Dawson, Sarah, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Dawson, William, baker, St. Martin’s lane
Dawson, William, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Dawson, William, Punch house, Upper Market
Day and Son, solicitors, Upper Surrey st.
Day, Miss Harriet, Pottergate street
Day, Rev. George, Ber street gates
Day, Thomas Starling, silk merchant, Sussex street
Day, William Hankes, surgeon, All Saints’ green
Day, Mr. William Starling, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Day, William, clerk to magistrates; h Trowse
Daynes, George, blacksmith, Oak street
Daynes, John, shoemaker, Lord Nelson, Trafalgar street
Daynes, John, news agent, Back of the Inns
Daynes, John, watch and clock maker, Pitt street
Daynes, Mrs. Maria, Crown and Angel commercial inn, St. Stephen’s street
Daynes, Robert, beer retailer, St. Margaret’s street
Daynes, Samuel, printer, St. Stephen’s street; h Mile End lane
Daynes, William, clerk at telegraph office, St. Paul’s terrace, Cowgate
street
Deacon, Rev. James, A.M., Pottergate street
Dean, Alfred, eating and coffee house, Upper market
Dean, James, wholesale shoe manufacturer, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s; h
17, Victoria street
Deane, Thomas Lanley, agent for the British Industry Life Assurance
Compy., Duke street
Dearle, George, surgical and mechanical dentist, Exchange street
Dearly, William, boot and shoe maker, Thorpe hamlet
Death, John, cooper, Bishopgate street
Debbage, James, The Fountain, St. Benedict’s gates
Debbage, Miles, wood turner, Charing Cross
De Carle, Henry, stone and marble mason, Chapel Field road
De Carle, William, commercial traveller, 15, Victoria street, St.
Stephen’s road
Decaux, David, beer retailer, St. Augustine’s street
Decaux, Shakspeare, shoemaker, St. Augustine’s
Decoe, William, Bell Hotel Tap, Castle meadow
Deeks, Mrs. Christiana, Gildengate street
Deeks, John, watchmaker, George the Fourth, Ber street
Deighan, Peter, travelling draper, Duke street
Deighan, Mrs. Sophia, dressmaker, Duke street
Delf, John, whitesmith, Golden Ball street
Delf, Susan, butcher, Rupert street, Union place
Delf, William Stannard, draper, Tombland house
Delph, Thomas, Flower in Hand, Pitt street
Delph, William, plumber, painter, and glazier, St. Augustine’s
Delph, William, Prince of Wales, St. Augustine’s
Denham, John, agent for Sir R. J. H. Harvey, bart., Mousehold
Dennington, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Silver street
Dennis, Charles, whitesmith and bell-hanger, Bull lane, St. Stephen’s
gates
Dent, Dowson, butcher, Ber street
Dent, Thomas, butcher, Ber street
Denmark, John, tailor, New Catton
Denmark, Rebecca, milliner and dressmaker, New Catton
Denmark, William, shoemaker, Seven Stars, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Denny, John, green grocer, Union street, Crook’s place
Denny, Thomas, butcher, Trowse
De Vear, Mrs. Emma D., Cow hill
Devereaux, Edmund, plumber, painter, and glazier, Gildengate street
Devereaux, Cottingham, accountant, 3, Adelaide buildings, Dereham road
Dew, Edmund Britiffe, superintendent of Rosary cemetery, Thorpe hamlet
Dew, Edmund Britiffe, hairdresser, Upper market
Dewing, Edward, Jolly Maltsters, King street
Dewing, Mrs. William, Grove house, St. Giles’ road
Dewing, William, messenger at Gurney’s bank, Prince’s street
Dexter, Mr. Robert, Bracondale
Diamond, Mrs. Mary, Mount Pleasant, Newmarket road
Dickerson, Richard, harness maker, Castle hill
Dickerson, William Benjamin, Thorn Tavern, Ber street
Dickinson, Mrs. Sarah Clarke, milliner and straw bonnet maker, St.
Stephen’s road
Didwell, William, house agent, Catton road
Diggens, George, linen and woollen draper, silk mercer, &c., Bedford
street, St. Andrew’s
Ding, James, baker, 45, Pottergate street
Diver, Mr. Owen Albert, Chapel Field road
Diver, Mrs. Mary Ann, beer retailer, Gildengate street
Dix Miss C., Chapel field
Dix, Mrs. Mary, Calvert street
Dixon, Benjamin, pharmaceutical chemist, Rose corner, King street
Dixon, Edward Lister, linen draper, Magdalen street
Dixon, Fuller, gig-maker, John street, Rose lane
Dixon, Joseph, tonnage collector, Carrow
Dixon, Richard, butcher, Upper Westwick street
Dixon, Thomas, watch and clock maker, optician, gold and silver smith,
jeweller, &c., 6, Bridewell alley
Dobson, James, millwright, Calvert street
Dobson, Robert, shoemaker, Rose valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Dobson, Sarah, straw bonnet maker, St. Benedict’s street
Dodd, E. J., governor of the Bethel, Bethel street
Dodd, Miss Harriet, teacher of music, 8, Crescent place, Chapel Field
road
Dodman, Mr. John, auctioneer’s clerk, 19, Distillery street
Dodson, William Robert, gold and silversmith, 27, London street
Dodsworth, Thomas, overseer at Chronicle office, Unthank’s road
Don, John, draper, Golding street, Heigham
Donne, Miss Anna Maria, Lower close
Doughty, John, carpenter, Mill street, Union place
Doughty, Richard, King’s Head, Davey place
Douglass, John, gardener and cowkeeper, Silver road
Dove, Anne, dressmaker, Bexfield’s buildings, Rupert street
Dove, Harry, M.D., Tombland
Dover, Charles, Angel, New Catton
Dowde, Mrs. Mary Eve, midwife, St. Margaret’s church alley
Downes, Catherine, milliner, Cowgate street
Downes, Henry, tailor, Cowgate street
Downes, Maria, milliner, &c., Duke street
Downes, Thomas, artist, Bethel street
Downing, Joseph, china, glass, and earthenware warehouse, 22, the Walk
Downman, John Thomas, Barrack master, Mount Pleasant
Dowson, Arthur H., resident surgeon of Norwich Dispensary, St. John’s
Maddermarket
Dowson, Benjamin Utting and Sons, coal and corn merchants, Duke’s palace
Dowson, Edward, writer, grainer, and plumber, Duke street
Dowson, John, tailor and clothier, Ber street
Dowson, John Withers, solicitor; office, Castle meadow; agent to the Sun
Fire and Life office; h Priory lane, King street
Drake, Barzillar, Duke of York, Church path, Lakenham
Drake, Charles, surgeon and registrar of births and deaths for the
Conisford district, All Saints’ green
Drake Francis, shoemaker, Coslany street
Drake, John, green grocer, Ber street
Drake, Mrs. Caroline, pork butcher, New Catton
Drake, Mrs. Mary, milliner, &c., All Saints’ green
Drake, Mrs. Mary, Chatham place, Chapel Field road
Drake, Mary, shopkeeper, Church path, Lakenham
Drake, Robert, shoemaker, King street
Drake, Samuel, shopkeeper, &c., Lower Westwick street
Drake, Thomas, tailor, Rose lane
Drakes, Benjamin, butcher, New Catton
Draper, Henry, manager of the National and International Telegraph
office, The Walk
Drege, William, shopkeeper, World’s End, World’s End lane
Dreury, John Henry, barrister, Mousehold
Drew, Mrs. Mary Ann, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Drew, William, whitesmith, Twiddy’s court, Ber street
Drew, William and John, steelyard makers, Ber street
Drewell, George Webster, Palace plain
Drewell, Mrs. Mary Ann, All Saints’ green
Driver, Mr. William Charles, banker’s clerk, 6, Heigham terrace, Dereham
road
Driver, William, accountant, Valentine street
Ducker, James Frostick, grocer, Lower Westwick street
Duffield, Miss Abigail, fancy repository, Gildengate street
Duffield, Henry, tailor and woollen draper, 12, Exchange street; h Museum
court, Broad street, St. Andrew’s
Duffield, John, shoemaker and leather cutter, Timberhill street
Duge, Isaac, Waddington street, Heigham
Duge, John, 1, Trafalgar place, Dereham road
Dugdale, Robert, beer retailer, Cowgate street
Dunham, John, grocer, Trory street, Lakenham
Dunmore, Robert, corn and seed merchant, St. Benedict’s street
Dunmore, Thomas, corn merchant, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Dunn, James, boot and shoe maker, Pitt street
Dunn, James, coal merchant, Quay side
Dunn, James, Queen’s Head, Quay side
Dunn, John, baker, West Pottergate street
Dunn, Richard, painter, plumber, and glazier, Surrey grove
Dunn, Samuel, hairdresser, Magdalen street
Dunn, William, pill-box manufacturer, Silver road
Dunn, William Frederick, collector of water rates, &c., 10, Oxford
street, Unthank’s road
Dunnett, Mrs. Mary, boarding and day school, Surrey street
Dunsford, James, surgeon dentist (see Suggate and Dunsford); h Rose
Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Dunthorne, John, Magpie, Magpie road
Dunthorn, William, Sawyer’s Arms, St. Paul’s plain
Durdin, Rev. Alexander W., B.A., rector of St. George’s, Bedford street,
Unthank’s road
Durrant and Brock, wholesale soap boilers and tallow chandlers, St.
Miles’ soap works, Dial yard, St. Miles’
Durrant, Elizabeth, grocer, &c., Mariner’s lane, King street
Durrant, George, solicitor, and director of Norwich Union Fire and Life
office, Surrey street
Durrant, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, Ber street (_see Advertisement_,
_p._ 10)
Durrant, Mrs. Michael, shopkeeper, Upper King street
Durrant, Robert, grocer and tallow chandler, Church street, St. Miles’
Durrant, Zachariah, furniture broker and beer retailer, Coslany street
Duxberry, Thomas, Lower close
Dyball, Mrs. Emily, Bracondale
Dye, Christopher, plumber, Barrack street
Dye, George, tailor, &c., Prince’s street
Dye, George Arthur, solicitor, Broad street, St. Andrew’s
Dye, Miss Harriet, school, 5, Grapes’ hill
Dye, Henry, shopkeeper and beer retailer, Upper King street
Dye, Lydia, grocer, St. Augustine’s Church alley
Dye, Mary, tea dealer, &c., Little London street
Dye, William, farm bailiff, Mousehold heath
Dye, William, tanner and fellmonger, St. Martin’s gates
Dyer, John Jephunneh, tobacconist and cane-worker, Ber street
Dyer, Thomas, shopkeeper, Union street, Crook’s place
Eade, Peter, M.D., Queen street
Eagleton, Elizabeth, green grocer, Pump street
Eagleton, George, watch and clock maker, 9, City road, Lakenham
Earle, James, national schoolmaster, Hall road, Lakenham
Earl, John, beer retailer, and shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Eastaugh, Mrs. Mary, York tavern, Castle meadow
Easto, George, Church Style, Upper Market
Eastoe, Mr. Robert, New road, Town close
Easton, Haylett, beer retailer, Magdalen street
Easton, Isaac, Unicorn, St. Mary’s plain
Easton, Isaac, fishmonger, St. James’ street
Eaton, Mr. Thomas D., Chapel field
Edgar, Mrs. Elizabeth, 2, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Edgar, Thomas, brush manufacturer, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Edwards, Miss Ann, furrier, 22, Castle meadow
Edwards, Benjamin, city missionary, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Edwards, Charles, Earl of Leicester, Brazen Doors road
Edwards, Edward Manning, haircutter and perfumer, 40, London street
Edwards, James, cooper, Infirmary road; h Long row, Catton
Edwards, James, shopkeeper, St. Paul’s plain
Edwards, Miss Mary Ann, St. Stephen’s road
Edwards, William P., linen and woollen draper, and silk mercer, St.
Stephen’s street
Egan, Richard, hat and clothes’ cleaner, Ber street
Egmore, Randle, sup. of the Norwich City Mission, 6, Grove road
Eldridge, James Upton, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Ellingham, Henry, plumber, glazier, and painter, Elm hill
Elliott, Mr. John, 2, The Crescent
Elliott, Miss Mary, milliner, Bank street
Ellis, Benjamin, the Dove tavern, Lower Westwick street
Ellis, John, joiner and builder, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Ellis, John, land agent and surveyor, Bank plain
Ellis, Mary, green grocer, St. Mary’s
Ellis, Mrs. Mary, All Saints’ green
Ellis, Mrs. Priscilla, lodging-house keeper, 15, and 16, Chapel Field
Ellis, Rev. Robert Stanton, Wesleyan minister, Calvert street
Ellis, Samuel, beer retailer, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Ellis, Thomas, green grocer, Cubitt’s court, Bethel street
Ellis, Thomas Richard, The Wilderness, Bracondale
Ellis, William, green grocer, Oak street
Ellis, William, green grocer, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Ellison, Mrs. Francis, barometer and thermometer maker, and fancy
repository, Dove street
Ellison, Robert, wood turner, Upper Goat lane
Ellison, William, beer retailer, King street gates
Elmer, Mrs. Ann, Chapel Field grove
Elmer, Edmund, merchant’s clerk, Hall road, Lakenham
Elmer, John, market gardener, Lower close
Elmer, John, accountant, St. Catherine’s plain
Elvin, Mary, midwife, Ber street
Elwes, Jonathan, boot and shoe maker, St. Stephen’s road
Ellwood, Francis, Victoria terrace, Synagogue street
Ellwood, Henry, butcher, Timberhill street
Ely, Hannah, grocer, Pitt street
Emery, George, farmer, Coach and Horses’ road, Union place; farm, Eaton
Emms, Charles, Wine Coopers’ Arms, West Pottergate street
Emms, William, Star and Crown, Timberhill street
Empson, Ezra, baker, St. James’ street
Emslie, James and Son, engravers, chromo-lithographers, lithographers,
and copperplate printers, Back of the Inns
Engall, Joseph, game dealer, St. Augustine’s street
Engall, Thomas, Fleckered Bull, Ber st.
England, William, coal merchant, St. Ann’s terrace, Synagogue street
English and Son, drapers and silk mercers, London street
English, John, (see English and Son); h 1, London terrace, St. Stephen’s
road
English, Joseph, woollen draper and tailor, 45, London street
English, Joseph, chemist and druggist, St. Giles’ street
English, Mr. Richard, Holl’s lane
English, Mrs. Sarah, Albion House, Market place
English, William, (see English and Son) h 1, Lakenham terrace, city road
Espenett, William Henry, architect and surveyor, house and estate agent,
Distillery street
Etheridge, Mrs. Elizabeth, Thorpe hamlet
Etheridge, George and William Ellis, watch and clock makers, goldsmiths,
silversmiths, and jewellers, 10, The Walk
Etheridge, Thomas William, Carrow road, Thorpe hamlet
Evans, Bernard, solicitor’s clerk, Lower close
Evans, Charles, counsellor, King street
Evans, Rev. Edward, B.A. (vicar of St. Stephen’s) Surrey street
Evans, George, shopkeeper, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Evans, Misses Lucy and Emma, dressmakers, Lower close
Evans, Mrs. Lacy, Upper Surrey street
Everard, John, commercial traveller, 10, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Everett, James, drill-master, Coldstream terrace, Bedford street,
Unthank’s road
Everett, John, wool warehouse, Thorpe hamlet
Everett, Joseph, wool stapler, Bishopgate street
Everett, Mr. Robert, Mount Pleasant, Newmarket road
Everett, Thomas, merchant, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Everett, William Wilson, tailor and hatter, Red Lion street
Everitt, Miss Ann, Prince’s street
Ewing, John William, nurseryman, seedsman, and florist, and lime burner,
Exchange street, and Eaton
Ewing, Mr. William Charles, Post Office street
Fabb, Sarah, Nelson street, Heigham fields
Fair, Thomas, general shopkeeper, Bishopgate street
Fairchild, Mary Ann, linen draper, Spitalfields, Thorpe hamlet
Fairhead, Maria, upholsteress, West Pottergate street
Fairhead, Louisa, dealer in British wines, milliner and dress maker,
Pottergate street
Fairman, Thomas, builder, 5, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Fairman, William, hairdresser, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Fairweather, Mrs. Lydia, linen-draper, silk mercer, hosier, and
haberdasher, London street
Fake, John, the Wrestlers, St. James’ street
Farman, George, general dealer, Blazeby’s buildings, Scole’s green
Farmer, Benjamin, British school-master, Colegate street
Farnell, James Thomas, boarding and day school, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’
street
Farnell, William Keeling, classical and mathematical boarding school,
Theatre-street house school
Farrow Maria, corset and stay maker, Grapes’ hill, St. Giles’
Farrow, Thomas, general shopkeeper, Chapel street, Union place
Farrow, Thomas, market gardener, Newmarket road
Farrow, William, Scripture reader, Oak street
Faulke Robert, baker, Queen street, Crook’s place
Fawcett, Mr. Samuel, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Fearnside, Benjamin, furniture broker, Coach and Horses, Red Lion street
Featherstone, Thomas, accountant, Distillery street
Feek, William, horse breaker, West Pottergate street
Felstead, Miss Charlotte, straw bonnet maker and furrier, 20, Castle
meadow
Felstead, James, grocer, Regent street, Union place
Felstead, Robert, Catherine Wheel, St. Augustine’s
Feltham, Barnabas, miller, New Lakenham
Feltham, Charles, ferry boat owner, Lower close
Fenn, James, French polisher, Cogman’s yard, Ber street
Fenn, John, merchant’s clerk, 5, Langham place, Dereham road
Fenn, Mrs., stay maker, Julian street
Fenn, Mrs., St. Giles’ terrace, Bethel street
Fenn, Robert, grocer and tea-dealer, Magdalen street
Fenn, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, 35, Pottergate street
Fenn, Thomas, Hen and Chickens, St. Mary’s plain
Ferra, John, hairdresser, King street
Ferron, Mrs. Ellen Jane, Unthank’s road
Fickling, Harriet, stationer and haberdasher, Kensington place, St.
Catherine’s plain
Fickling Robert, solicitor, Prince’s street
Fiddament, James, green grocer, Ber street
Fidgett, Miss Henrietta, 38, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
Field and Bignold, solicitors, Upper Surrey street
Field, Edward, (see Field and Bignold) Surrey street
Field, Robert, King street
Field, William C., commercial traveller, Brunswick road, Newmarket road
Fife, James, Inland Revenue officer, Baxter’s gardens, King street
Figg, George, Boar’s Head Inn, Surrey street
Finch, James, chimney sweeper, St. Miles’ church alley
Finch, John, carpenter, Trowse
Finch, Walter, locksmith, Elm hill
Finch, William, horse-hair seating and crinoline manufacturer, Prince
Regent, Weaver’s lane
Finch, William, chimney sweeper, St. Miles’ church street
Finch, William H., blacksmith, Wagon and Horses lane, Tombland
Finegan, Mrs. Ann, ladies’ school, Cow hill
Finegan, Thomas William, linguist, Cow hill
Firth, George Warren Watts, surgeon, registrar of births and deaths for
the Wymer district, 66, St. Giles’ street
Fish, John, shoemaker, Grout’s thoroughfare, Timberhill street
Fish, Mrs. Lucy, shirt maker, 51, Pottergate street
Fish, Thomas, hosier, glover, and shirt maker, Orford hill
Fish, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, 51, Pottergate street
Fish, William, professor of music, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Fisher, Daniel, school-master, 6, Lakenham terrace, City road, Lakenham
Fisher, Edward, butcher, Fisher’s yard, Ber street
Fisher, Mrs. Elizabeth, 4, Lame Dog road
Fisher, Francis, boot and shoe maker, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Fisher, George, last maker, Union place
Fisher, James, solicitor, Lower close, (see Steward and Fisher)
Fisher, James, boat builder, Oak street
Fisher, James Cracknell, grocer and tea-dealer, 62, St. Stephen’s street
Fisher, Joseph, boot and shoe maker, Lower King street
Fisher, Mary Ann, butcher, Distillery street, Heigham
Fisher, Robert, grocer and tea-dealer, Bridge street, St. George’s
Fisher, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, Sussex street
Fisher, Mrs. Sarah, shopkeeper, Oak street
Fisher, Thomas, joiner and builder, Museum court, St. Andrew’s; h
Crescent, Chapel field
Fisher, William, carpenter, St. Paul’s terrace, Cowgate street
Fishwick, Rev. John, Catholic priest, Catholic chapel, Willow lane
Fisk, Adam, Phœnix brewery, Magdalen street
Fiske, Francis Robert, draper, silk mercer, &c., London street
Fisk, Mrs. Mary Margaret, The Chantry
Fiske, Mrs. Harriet, 3, Foundry terrace, Thorpe hamlet
Fitch and Chambers, dispensing and family chemists, Market place
Fitch, Charles, grocer and tea dealer, Coslany street, St. Miles’
Fitch, Robert, chemist and druggist, (see Fitch and Chambers) Market
place
Fitt, Edward, beer retailer, Duke of Wellington, Wellington street
Fitt, Eliza, The Gin Shop, Castle meadow
Fitt, Mr. George, Town close, Newmarket road
Fitt, James, butcher, Ber street
Fitt, Miss Jane, Cowgate street
Fitt, John Mason, baker, Coburg street
Fitt, John, green grocer, Botolph street
Fitt, Nathaniel, tobacco-pipe maker, Cherry street, Lakenham
Fitt, Richard, farmer, Earlham road
Fitt, Robert, tobacco-pipe maker, Ber street
Fitt, William, butcher, Ber street
Fitzgerald, Abraham, coal dealer, Cowgate street
Fitzgerald, Charles, musician, Rose lane
Fitzgerald, Louisa, dressmaker, Cowgate street
Flatt, John, ironmonger, Magdalen st.
Flatt, William, ironmonger, 52, St. Stephen’s street
Flaxman, Martha, Richmond terrace, Bracondale
Fleet, James Robert, commercial traveller, Dereham road
Fletcher, Josiah, printer, publisher, bookseller, binder, and wholesale
stationer, and agent for the National Mercantile Life Assurance, 8, The
Walk; h Unthank’s road
Fletcher, Joseph, Red Lion, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Fletcher, Sarah, furrier, Finket street
Flood, Francis, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s lane
Flood, Harriet, draper, St. Benedict’s st.
Flower, Jonathan, wholesale draper, Wensum street
Flowerdew, Richard J., auctioneer, (see Clowes and Flowerdew); h Heigham
grove, St. Giles’ road
Foley, Mrs. Susan, milliner, &c., Union place
Folk, Charles, baker, St. Augustine’s street
Folk, Charles, butcher, Gildengate street
Folkard, George, green grocer, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Ford, Miss Ann, straw bonnet and dress maker, Wellington lane, St. Giles’
Ford, Elizabeth, milliner, Pitt street
Ford, John, gardener, Pitt street
Ford, Mrs., 9, St. Stephen’s square
Ford, Robert, carpenter and builder, St. George’s plain; h St. Helen’s
cottages, Thorpe hamlet
Ford, William, and Son, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturers, Colegate
street
Ford, William F., (see Ford, William and Son); h Earlham road
Forder, James, blacksmith, Chapel Field road
Forrester, Mr. George, Tombland
Forster, Edward, umbrella maker, Chapel Field road
Forster, John, umbrella, parasol, and straw hat manufacturer, 28, London
street
Forster, Samuel, grocer and provision dealer, Pockthorpe
Forster, Thomas, grocer, &c., Queen street, Crook’s place
Foster, Francis Gostling, solicitor, St. Giles’ road
Foster, George, Norfolk Commercial Inn, family hotel and posting house,
and omnibus and fly proprietor, St. Giles’ street
Foster, John, shopkeeper, Wellington street
Foster, Joseph, tea dealer, Sussex street
Foster, Samuel, 11, Nelson terrace, Grove road, New Lakenham
Foster, Thomas, general shopkeeper, West Pottergate street
Foster, (Sir William) Sons, Burroughes, and Robberds, solicitors, Crown
Bank plain
Foster, Sir William, bart., 54, St. Giles’ street
Foulger, Horatio, builder and shop-keeper, Chapel Field road
Foulger, Robert, gig maker, Ber street
Foulger, Rev. William, Upper King street
Foulsham, Francis, draper, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Foulsham, Henry, leather merchant, Magdalen street
Foulsham, Mrs. Susan, Lame Dog road
Foulsham, Thomas, auctioneer and appraiser, &c., Westlegate street, (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 28)
Foulsham, Thomas, Lame Dog road
Foulsham, William, tobacconist, Orford hill
Fountain, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Heigham street
Fountain, Mrs. Mary Ann, dining and luncheon rooms, London street
Fountain, Mary Ann, beer retailer, King street
Fountain, Thomas, accountant, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Fox, Edward and William, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Fox, Frederick, solicitor, Surrey court, Surrey street
Fox, George Washington, accountant, St. Leonard’s hill, Thorpe hamlet
Fox, Henry, tailor, Dereham road
Fox, Henry, Lime Kiln inn, Trowse
Fox, Isaac, The Queen’s Head, Upper St. Giles’
Fox, James, Little John, Alms’ street, Heigham
Fox, Joel, wholesale and retail fur manufacturer, 11, The Walk
Fox, John, surgeon, Upper St. Giles’ street
Fox, John, carpenter and builder, Heigham causeway
Fox, Maria, tailoress, Tinkler’s lane
Fox, Mrs. Mary, baker, Lower Close
Fox, Mr. Samuel Henry, St. Stephen’s gates
Fox, Thomas, carpenter and contractor, Heigham street
Fox, Thomas Colman, solicitor, 22, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Fox, William, baker, Cowgate street, St. Paul’s
Fox, Mr. William, Lame Dog road
Fox, William, shoemaker, Russell street
Foyson, Robert, Pump street
Foyson, Robert B., builder, (see Minns and Foyson); h Pump street
Foyson, William, commercial traveller, Green Hills, Aylsham road
Francis, W. Bransby, surgeon, registrar of births and deaths for the
Coslany district, Colegate street
Francis, George, general shopkeeper, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Francis, Henry Clark, station master, Thorpe station; h Rose lane
Francis, Joseph, general clothier, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Francis, Thomas, estate agent, Newmarket road
Francis, Thomas, green grocer, Timberhill street
Franklin, Mr. Charles, All Saints’ green
Franklin, Charles, wheelwright and blacksmith, Cardigan street, Heigham
Frary, Richard, piece broker, St. Andrews’ hill
Frary, Valentine William, watch and clock maker, Back of the Inns
Fraser, James Edward, solicitor, Bank chambers, Bank place, and Wisbeach,
Cambridgeshire; h St. Giles’ road
Fraser, John, linen draper, Dereham road
Fraser, William, woollen cloth and Manchester warehouse man, Exchange
street; h Ipswich, Suffolk
Frazer, Charles, saw mills, (see Saul and Frazer); h Golden Ball lane
Freeman, Mrs. Ann, Earlham road
Freeman, Charles J., cabinet manufacturer, London street; h Bracondale,
(see Freeman and Wells)
Freeman, Charles Robert, corn and flour cellar, Upper Market; h Eaton
Freeman, Edward, wholesale shoe manufacturer, St. Martin’s lane, St.
Martin’s at Oak
Freeman, James, baker, 15, St. Giles’ street
Freeman, Mr. James, Holl’s lane, Heigham fields
Freeman, James, jun., professor of music, Caledonia terrace, Dereham road
Freeman, Mr. James, Caledonia terrace, Dereham road
Freeman, Jeremiah, blacksmith, Barn road
Freeman, John, bricklayer and builder, Nelson street, Heigham
Freeman and Nash, cheese factors, wholesale grocers and tallow chandlers,
Upper market
Freeman, Richard, boot and shoe maker, Upper Westwick street
Freeman, Samuel, beer retailer, Quay side
Freeman and Wells, upholsterers, decorators, and undertakers, cabinet and
chair manufacturers, 37, London street
Freeman, William, carver and gilder and artist, St. Benedict’s plain,
Pottergate street
Freeman, William, baker and shopkeeper, Chapel street, Union place
Freeman, William, jun., carver, gilder, and photographic artist, Rampant
horse street
Freestone, Anthony, baker, Fye bridge
Freestone, Edward, solicitor, Little Orford street
Freestone, Robert, merchant’s clerk, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Freestone, Samuel, baker, Old Church road, New Lakenham
Freestone, William, Wellington Tavern, Muspole street
French, Robert, (see Kitton, French and Co.); h Tombland
French, Robert, tailor, Tabernacle street
Froggett, Ellen, boarding school, Sussex street
Frohawk, Nicholas, Priest’s buildings, St. Stephen’s road
Fromow, John, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Fromow, Stephen, cattle salesman, 5, Grove place, Surrey road
Frost, Charles, builder and carpenter, Chapel Field road
Frost, George, accountant, St. Faith’s terrace, St. Faith’s lane
Frost, Hezekiah, market gardener, Lower close
Frost, Mrs. Mary, portmanteau, trunk, and carpet bag manufacturer, and
stay and corset maker, 15, Davey place
Frost, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Frost, Samuel Johnson, agent to the Friend in Need Life and Sick
Insurance Compy., Howard street, Grove place, Lakenham
Frost and Son, carpenters, builders, and cabinet makers, 7, Chapel Field
road
Frost, Thomas, tallow chandler, Fishgate street
Frost, Rev. William, B.A., Thorpe lodge
Frost, William, coffee and eating house, 2, Upper Walk
Fryer, William, sawyer, Union place
Fryer, William, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturer, Ber street; h Union
place
Fulcher, Christmas, watch and clock maker, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Fulcher, Mr. James, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Fulcher, William, millwright, millstone builder, &c., Mousehold heath
(_see Advertisement_, _p._ 34)
Fuller, Benjamin, commercial traveller, 37, Victoria street, St.
Stephen’s
Fuller, E., dressmaker, Pitt street
Fuller, Edward, tailor, Red Lion street, St. Stephen’s
Fuller, Henry Nicholas, musician, Trafalgar street
Fuller, James, saddler and harness maker, 23, Old Haymarket
Fuller, John, shoemaker, Quay side
Fuller, John, jobbing gardener, Thorpe hamlet
Fuller, Maria, midwife, Ber street
Fuller, Robert, The Trumpet, St. Stephen’s street
Fuller, Thomas Benjamin, printer, bookseller, and stationer, St.
Stephen’s street
Fuller, William, tobacconist and news’ agent, Red Lion street
Fuller, William H., confectioner, Theatre street; h Red Lion street
Furse, James Thomas, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Prince’s street
Furse, Mrs. Maria, dyer, St. Augustine’s street
Furse, William, dyer and scourer, Peacock street
Furze, Robert, green grocer, Heigham street
Fussey, Susan, butcher, Ber street
Gadge, Sarah, St. Miles’ Coslany
Gaffer, Samuel, Paul Pry hill, Heigham
Gallant, George, Mousehold saw mills, Thorpe hamlet
Gandy, George, merchant’s clerk, Thorpe hamlet
Ganly, James, designer for embroidery, trimming, wool, and fancy
repository, London street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 34)
Gardiner, Charles, waiter, Rose lane
Gardiner, Maria, green grocer, Upper Westwick street, St. Swithin’s
Gardiner, William, chemist and druggist, Dove street
Gardiner, William, Red Lion, London street
Gardiner, William, rag merchant, St. Paul’s street
Gardner, Maria, pork butcher, Barn road
Gardner, Thompson, boot and shoe maker, Mount Pleasant
Garner, Mrs. Sarah, tailoress, Gildengate street
Garnham, William, grocer, and clerk of St. Mark’s church, Hall road, New
Lakenham
Garrett, John, draper, Pottergate street
Garrod, Edward, editor of the “Norfolk Chronicle,” Private Road villas,
Unthank’s road
Garrod, Mrs. Mary Sophia, Thorpe hamlet
Garthon, James Slapp, surgeon, Upper St. Giles’ street
Garwood, Mrs. Sarah Ann, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Gaul, Edward John, shuttle maker, Magdalen street
Gaul, Mrs. Maria, Prince’s street
Gay and Co., brush, basket, sieve, mat, and matting manufacturers, Upper
Market
Gay, Edward, shopkeeper, Heigham street
Gay, James, shoemaker, City road, Heigham fields
Gay, Samuel, green grocer, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Gayford, William George, station master, Trowse station
Gaze, George, timber merchant, Grapes’ hill, St. Giles’
Gaze, James, shoemaker, Playford’s court, Pottergate street
Gaze, Matthew, carpenter and builder, King street
Gaze, Richard, clerk, Golding street, St. Benedict’s road
Gaze, Samuel, hairdresser, Lower Westwick street
Gaze, Susan, 63, St. Giles’ street
Gaze, William, engineer, Pitt street
Gaze, William, merchant’s clerk, Lower Close
Gaze, William Hammond, register office for servants, Wrestlegate street
Gaze, William, millwright and engineer, St. Paul’s Back lane
Gazeley, James, green grocer, Lower Westwick street, St. Margaret’s
Gearing, James, The Bee Hive, St. Stephen’s gates
Geary, William, manufacturer, Gildengate street
Gedge, Edward Peter, shopkeeper, Brazen Doors road
Gedge, Frederick, Caledonia terrace, Dereham road
Gedge, George, dyer, finisher, and hot-presser, Coslany street
Gedge, Robert, plumber, Wounded Hart lane
Gedge, Robert, shoemaker, Ber street
Gedge, William, baker, Chapel street, Union place
Gedge, William, hairdresser, Upper Westwick street
Geldart and Son, wine merchants, Wensum street
Geldart, Herbert D., Esq., Thorpe hamlet
Geldart, Robert, Esq., Thorpe hamlet
Gent, David, St. John’s Head, Coslany street
Gent, Eliza, straw bonnet maker, Muspole street
Gent, George, boot and shoe maker, Coslany street
Gent, George, shopkeeper, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Gent, Thomas William, merchant’s clerk, Dereham road
George, John, tailor, Muspole street, St. Mary’s
George, Michael Richard Dunn, coal merchant, Quay side
George, Robert Mills, bricklayer and plasterer, and shopkeeper, St.
Benedict’s street
George, Robert, fish merchant, St. Benedict’s street
George, Robert, builder, Muspole street
George, William Morris, carpenter and builder, Pottergate street
Gerard, William Sinclair, jeweller, dealer in coins and medals, and
hairdresser, Botolph street
Gibbs, Richard, The Rose and Crown, Bishopgate street
Gibbs, Rudd William, butcher, Palace street
Gibbs, William, glass and china mender, Meadows’ yard, Coslany street
Gibson, Alfred, general shopkeeper, Botolph street
Gibson and Bateman, surgeons, 19, St. Giles’ street
Gibson, Charles M., Bethel street (see Gibson and Bateman)
Gibson, George, The White Horse, Crook’s place
Gibson, The Misses, Lower Close
Gibson, Mr. Isaac, Upper Heigham
Gibson, John, boot and shoe maker, and tobacconist, Pitt street
Gibson, Robert, leather merchant and shoe manufacturer, St. Stephen’s
street
Gibson, Mrs. Rosamond, Mount Pleasant, Newmarket road
Gibson, Samuel, butcher, Gildengate street
Gibson, William, baker, St. Catherine’s plain
Gibson, William, (see Copestake and Co.) commercial traveller, The
Chantry
Giddens, Miss Susanna, circulating library, St. Stephen’s street
Gidney, Frederick, Hospital school, Fishgate street
Gidney, Robert, watch and clock maker, Orford hill
Gidney, Samuel, The Bushel, St. Augustine’s
Gilford, Samuel, general shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Gifford, Thomas, tailor, Magdalen street
Gilbeigh, Mrs. Caroline, Spread Eagle tavern, Old Haymarket
Gilbert, George, coachsmith, patent axle-tree and spring maker,
Timberhill street
Gilbert, Mrs., day school, Gildengate street
Gilbert, Samuel James, plumber, painter, and glazier, Grapes’ hill
Gilbert, William, builder, St. Augustine’s
Gill, James, baker and grocer, Lower Westwick street
Gill, John, earthenware dealer, St. Giles’ street
Gilham, Miss Judith, West Pottergate street
Gilman, Charles Rackham, solicitor, secretary to the Norfolk Farmers’
Cattle Insurance Society, and agent to the City of Glasgow Life Insurance
Compy., St. Giles’ street; h Unthank’s road
Gilman, Charles Suckling, solicitor and share broker, secretary to the
General Hail Storm Insurance Society, secretary to the Chamber of
Commerce, and manager of the Norwich and London Accident and Casualty
Insurance Association, St. Giles’ street
Gilman, John, carver and gilder, publisher and printseller, gallery of
fine arts, 26, London street
Gipson, James, carter, Mousehold
Gipson, Samuel, carter, Mousehold
Girdlestone, Reuben, hair dresser, branch post office, 8, Upper St.
Giles’ street
Girdlestone, Thomas, Three Horse-shoes, Palace street
Girling, Elizabeth, baker, (opposite the church) New Catton
Girling, Miss Maria, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Girling, Robert, butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Girling, Sherwood, grocer, Lower Westwick street
Girling, William, Golden Ball inn, hay, corn, and straw merchant, Golden
Ball street
Glasspoole, Mr. George, Rose valley, Unthank’s road
Glendenning, John Brown, (see Colman and Glendenning); h St. Stephen’s
road
Goading, William, milliner, Red Lion street
Goat, Charles, The Old Goat inn, Upper Goat lane
Godbold, Henry, clerk, Paragon street
Goddard, Thomas, Black Prince, Upper Walk
Godfery, Elizabeth, dressmaker, Duke st.
Goffin, Mrs. Mary, dressmaker, &c., Golden Dog lane
Goffin, Mrs. Matilda Elizabeth, boot and shoe warehouse, Palace street
Goggs, Matthew, Esq., Curfew cottage, Earlham road
Goggs, William, grocer, tea and coffee dealer, foreign fruit, British
wine, and provision merchant, St. Giles’ gates
Gold, James Charles, news’ agent, Baker’s road, St. Augustine’s
Golden, William, coal dealer, Twiddy’s court, Ber street
Golder, Edward, grocer, Oak street
Golder, Mrs. Hester, toy dealer, Upper Westwick street
Golding, John, Cellar House, Bridge street, St. George’s
Golding, Mary Ann, day school, St. Paul’s Back lane
Goldsmith, Charles, grocer, &c., Surrey street
Goldsmith, James, grocer and tea dealer, 34, St. Stephen’s street
Goldsmith, James, boot and shoe maker, Back of the Inns
Goldsmith, Mary, tailoress, Upper King street
Goldsmith, Sarah, tailoress, Duke street
Goldsmith, Thomas, corn merchant and confectioner, St. Stephen’s
Goldspring, Mary Ann, dressmaker, William street
Gooch, Mrs. Amelia, Newmarket road
Gooch, George Carver, water-closet manufacturer, and plumber, glazier,
and painter, Castle meadow and King street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 21)
Gooch, Henry, harness maker, St. James’ street
Gooch, Joshua, fringe, lace, and damask warehouse, 3, Dove street
Gooch, Henry, Brewery Cottage, King street
Gooch, Noah, Malt and Hop tavern, Charing cross
Gooch, Mrs. Phœbe, milliner and dressmaker, Waddington’s terrace, Thorn
lane
Gooch, Robert, secondhand bookseller, White Lion street
Gooch, Samuel Irwin, currier and leather seller, 9, Davey place
Gooch, Thomas, brush manufacturer, 7, Grout’s thoroughfare
Gooch, Thomas Henry, Royal Hotel tap, Back of the Inns
Gooch, William, Unthank’s road
Good, Thomas, boot, shoe, and last maker, Bridge street, St. George’s
Gooderham, Samuel, tunist, &c., Elm hill
Gooderson, Mr. John, West Pottergate street
Gooderson and Moll, linen and woollen drapers, Upper Market
Gooding, Mrs. Harriet, straw bonnet maker, Red Lion street
Goodson, Mr. Robert, Alms’ lane, St. George’s
Goodson, William, butcher, Dereham rd.
Goodwin, Charles, surgeon, Willow lane
Goodwin, John, solicitor, Willow lane; h Thorpe hamlet
Goodwin, Mrs., Willow lane
Goodwin, Rev. William, M.A., incumbent of St. Benedict’s, 14, Chapel
field
Gooke, David, shoemaker, Rose lane
Goose, Agas, solicitor’s clerk, Theatre street
Goose, Mrs. Emma, milliner, 15, Briggs’ street
Goose, Jacob, green grocer, Golden Ball street
Goose, Mrs. Mary, Trowse Newton
Goose, William Henry, artist, No. 15, Briggs’ street
Goose, Mr. Robert, Union place
Goose, Robert, bricklayer and builder, Julian street
Goreham, John, copper and iron-plate worker, William street
Goreham, Henry, County Court bailiff, St. Lawrence lane
Goreham, Sarah, dressmaker, Lothian street
Goreham, William, shopkeeper, Rosemary lane
Gorell, Robert Atkinson, yarn agent, and cotton and silk merchant,
Muspole street; h Unthank’s road
Gosnold, Ellen Sarah, dressmaker, Surrey road
Gosnold, Henry George, solicitor’s clerk, Bethel street
Gostling, Francis, shoe manufacturer, (of the firm of Barker Benjamin and
Co.); h 9, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Gostling, Richard, Robin Hood, Dereham load
Gotts, John, solicitor’s clerk, Norfolk street, Union place
Gotts, Miss Sarah, St. Stephen’s gates
Goulty, Charles, lodging-house keeper, 3, Vauxhall terrace, Julian place
Gould, Rev. George, Baptist minister, Unthank’s road
Gowen, William, beer retailer, Lower Goat lane
Gower, James, carpenter, St. Julian street
Gower, Thomas, lemonade manufacturer, Gun lane
Gowing, Charles, harness maker, Castle hill
Gowing, George, farmer, Trowse Newton
Gowing, Rev. John, Baptist minister, Parry’s buildings, Philadelphia
Gowing, Samuel, butcher and green grocer, St. Benedict’s gates
Grand, Edward, tailor, 13, Upper King street
Grand, George, tailor and hatter, 2, Castle meadow
Grand, Mr. John, St. Giles’ street
Grand, Mr. John, Hall road, New Lakenham
Grand, John Fuller, solicitor’s clerk, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Grand, John, fish salesman and auctioneer, Lady’s lane
Grand, Richard, Graham’s court, Upper market
Grand, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Duke street
Grand, Robert, merchant’s clerk, Catton road
Grant, Mr. Henry, Heigham road
Grant, Mrs. Sarah, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Graver, Abraham, fruiterer, Magdalen street
Graver, John, butcher, Lower King street
Graver, Richard, shoemaker, Ber street
Graver, Thomas, baker, St. Paul’s plain
Graves, Mrs., Mount Pleasant
Gravener, Benjamin, shopkeeper, Lower Westwick street
Graves, John, market gardener, Dereham road
Gray, James, hair dresser, Bethel street
Gray, John, hair dresser, Rose lane
Gray, Mr. Joseph, Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Gray, Mrs. Rebecca, New road, Town close
Gray, Richard, tailor, Grapes’ hill
Gray, Mary Ann, pork butcher, Upper Westwick street, St. Swithin’s
Gray, Mary Ann, tailoress, Pottergate street
Green, Miss Ann, dressmaker, milliner, and straw bonnet maker, and
register office for servants, Post Office street
Green, Edward, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Green, Edward, whitesmith and bell-hanger, Duke street; h Gildengate
street
Green, Elizabeth, day school, Palace street
Green, George, cattle inspector, Brazen Doors road
Green, Hannah, dressmaker, St. Catherine’s terrace
Green, Isaac, commercial traveller, Sussex street, St. Clement’s
Green, James, green grocer, Philadelphia
Green, Mr. James, Richmond place, Lakenham
Green, James, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Green, John, market gardener, Asylum lane, Heigham
Green, John, plumber and glazier, Pottergate street
Green, John, City of Norwich inn, Westlegate street
Green, Mary Ann, milliner and dressmaker, Colegate street
Green, Miss, Thorpe hamlet
Green, Mrs. Rachel, St. Giles’ terrace, Bethel street
Green, Robert, basket and sieve maker, Upper Westwick street
Green, Robert, jun., timber merchant, Waddington terrace, Church street,
St. Julian’s
Green, Robert, and Son, timber merchants, Garden street, Thorn lane
Green, Miss Rosa, National schoolmistress, Hall road, New Lakenham
Green, Susan, shopkeeper, St. James street
Green, William Dann, Bee Hive, St. Paul’s plain
Green, William, solicitor’s clerk, Thorpe hamlet
Green, William Page, pawnbroker, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Greene, Charles Jeremiah, tobacconist, Rose lane
Greenhough, Joseph, worstead spinner, St. Saviour’s lane
Greengrass, John, butcher, West End street
Greengrass, Thomas, bricklayer and plasterer, Elm hill, (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 22)
Greenwood, Mr. William, City road, Heigham fields
Greeves, Benjamin Titter, butcher, Market place; h 20, Victoria street
Greeves, Henry, butcher, Market place; h 2, Surrey terrace, Lakenham
Grice, Mrs. Mary Ann, milliner and dressmaker, Gildengate street
Gridley, Mrs., St. Stephen’s gates
Grief, James, White Horse, Trowse
Grief, Jonathan, sub-postmaster and shopkeeper, Trowse Newton
Griffenberg, Joseph, cigar dealer, Coburg street
Griffin, Mrs. Eliza, carver and builder, Cow hill
Griffiths, Hannah, plane, saw, and brace manufacturer, Goat lane and
Pottergate street
Griffiths, John, boot and shoe maker, Globe street, Union place
Griggs, Frederick William, pawnbroker, Upper King street
Griggs, William, agent, St. Benedict’s street
Grigor, Mrs. Matilda, Lakenham place, St. Catherine’s plain
Grimmer, Mrs. Ann, Newmarket road
Grimmer, Mr. Frederick, importer of wines and spirits, (see Seaman,
Grimmer, and Co.) The Crescent
Grimmer, Honor, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Grimmer, Mr. Samuel, importer of wines and spirits, (see Seaman, Grimmer,
and Co.); h 3, Albion place, Mount Pleasant
Grimes, Ruth, grocer, &c., Botolph street
Grimwood, Thomas H., tailor and outfitter, 4, Lower Goat lane (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 27)
Grinter, Charles Edward, bookbinder, Gildengate street
Grindling, George, accountant, Unthank’s road
Groom, George, dyer, Brazen Doors road
Groom, George, wholesale shoe manufacturer, St. Stephen’s street
Groom, John, shoemaker, St. Lawrence lane
Grout and Co., mourning crape manufacturers; silk works—Lower Westwick
street
Grout, George, Esq., Magdalen street
Grove, Richard, boot and shoe maker, Ber street
Gunn, Robert, ornamental painter and coach maker, Brazen Doors road
Gunn, Robert, commission agent, 11, Julian street
Gunton, Alfred, surgeon dentist, Priest’s court, 79, St. Giles’ street
Gunton, Elizabeth, dressmaker, Julian street
Gunton, Henry, watch and clock maker, and jeweller, Briggs’ street
Gunton, John Hamnell, draper, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Gunton, Robert, coach trimmer, Hall road, Lakenham
Gunton, Thomas, horse-hair manufacturer, White Lion yard, Oak street
Gurney, Charlotte, fishmonger, Cowgate street
Gurney, Christopher, green grocer, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Gurney, James, shopkeeper, Julian street
Gurney, Rev. Thomas, 10, Newmarket terrace
Gurneys and Birkbecks, bankers, Bank plain
Guyton, John Thomas, butcher, Upper Westwick street
Habberton, Mrs. Elizabeth, Tamworth terrace, Unthank’s road
Hadley William, Lower King street
Haddon, Mrs. Mary Ann, grocer, baker, and confectioner, Rose lane
Hagg, Noah, shoemaker, Sussex street
Haggett, Mr. J., 6, Victoria terrace, Synagogue street
Hagon, George, tailor, Southwell street
Hagon, William, furniture broker, Oak street
Haines Brothers, grocers and tea dealers, 58, St. Stephen’s street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 18)
Haldinstein, Philip, fancy cap and boot and shoe manufacturer, Bridewell
alley
Hales, James, cabinet maker, St. John’s street
Hales, Walter, cabinet maker, Wellington terrace, Union place
Hall, Charles, butcher, Upper King street
Hall, Charles Henry, 18, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Hall, Frederick George, butcher, Chapel Field road
Hall, Miss Harriet, baker and confectioner, Gildengate street
Hall, Henry, baker, Thorn lane
Hall, H., milliner and dressmaker, Cowgate street
Hall and Ilott, linen and woollen drapers, silk mercers, &c., Waterloo
house, St. Stephen’s
Hall, James, painter, writer, and grainer, All Saints’ green
Hall, James, grocer and draper, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Hall, James, plumber, painter, and glazier, and gas fitter, 10, Magdalen
street
Hall, John Foster, writing master, Charles street, Heigham
Hall, Jonathan, market gardener and shopkeeper, Somerleyton street
Hall, Joseph, hawker, Thorn lane
Hall, Robert, shoemaker, Pottergate street
Hall, Samuel, joiner and builder, Pottergate street
Hall, Samuel, furniture broker, Bridge street, St. George’s
Hall, Samuel, stone and marble mason, Chapel Field road; h Norfolk
street, Union place
Hall, Mrs. Sarah, King street
Hall, Timothy Bennett, boot maker, Pottergate street
Hall, Mr. William, Ipswich road
Hall, William, engraver, lithographer, and copperplate printer, White
Lion street; h Kimberley street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 10)
Hall, William, White Lion inn, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Hall, William Henry, picture-frame maker, Pottergate street
Hallett, Rev. John, Independent minister, Grove terrace, Unthank’s road
Hallows, George, harness maker, Rampant Horse street
Hallows, Joseph, hairdresser, Royal Hotel street
Halls, Robert, commercial traveller, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Ham, Mrs. Christine, Red Lion street
Hamley, Osbertus John, commercial traveller, Distillery street
Hammond, John, corn miller, Catton mill
Hammond, John, Victoria tavern and eating house, Market place
Hammond, Jonathan, shoemaker, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Hammond, William, shoemaker, Cross lane, St. George’s
Hampson, Mr. Daniel, Bracondale
Hannah, Peter, travelling tea dealer, 33, Pottergate street
Hannant, Nathaniel, baker and confectioner, Magdalen street
Hannant, Richard, grocer and tea dealer, King street
Hansell, Henry, solicitor, notary public, deputy registrar of the
Archdeaconry of Norfolk, Upper close
Hansell, Peter Edward, solicitor, clerk to Governors of the Free Grammar
School, Upper close; h Bracondale
Hansell, Mr. Robert, St. Clement’s Hill cottage, New Catton
Hansell, Sarah, earthenware dealer, St. Augustine’s street
Hansell, William, green grocer, Chapel street, Union place
Hanson, Joseph, commercial traveller, Distillery street
Hanworth, George, commercial traveller, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s
road
Harbord, Henry, green grocer, St. Stephen’s Back street
Harbord, Joseph Massingham, saddler and harness maker, Upper St. Giles’
street; h Bedford street, Unthank’s rd.
Harcourt, Anthony, carriage manufacturer, Chapel Field road
Harcourt, James, professor of music, Colegate street
Harcourt, Walter, surgeon dentist, 1, St. Giles’ street
Harden, Charles, baker and grocer, Heigham street
Hardesty, Alexander, bookseller and stationer, 4, Davey place; h St.
Giles’ road
Hardesty, John, Palace street
Hardesty, Mrs. Phœbe, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Harding, Levi, The Crocodile, Heigham street
Hardingham, William, general shopkeeper, Barrack street
Hardy, Mrs. Ann, lodging-house keeper, 8, St. Stephen’s square
Hardy, Charles, whip maker, Timberhill street
Hardy, Francis, schoolmaster, Upper Surrey street
Hardy, James, grocer and tea dealer, Rampant Horse street
Hardy, John, shoemaker, Golden Ball square
Hardy, Jonathan, boot and shoe maker, Upper Westwick street
Hardy, Michael, baker, St. Catherine’s plain
Hardy, Susan, 12, St. Giles’ street
Hardy, William, timber dealer, Pitt street
Hardy, William Edward, plumber, glazier, and painter, 5, Little London
street
Hardyman, Miss Sarah, boarding school, Bracondale
Hardyment, Jabez, earthenware dealer and general shopkeeper, St.
Benedict’s street
Hare, Mrs. Barbara, Upper close
Hare, Charles, cabinet and chair maker, West Pottergate street
Hare, Edward, lay clerk at cathedral, Haymarket
Hare, Mrs. Elizabeth, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Hare, William, fishmonger, Fishmarket, Market place
Harley, John Payne, provision merchant, St. Benedict’s street
Harman, Mrs. John, Holl’s lane
Harman, Leonard and Sons, wine and spirit merchants, St. Andrew’s hill
Harmer, Miss Ann, day school, Distillery street, Heigham
Harmer, Elizabeth, hairdresser, Ber street
Harmer, James, green grocer and fruiterer, Red Lion street
Harmer, Robert, upholsterer, Carrow hill
Harmer, Thomas, warehouseman, &c., Old Post Office court; h West
Pottergate street
Harmer, Mrs. William, 4, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Harold, Philip, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Harper, Andrews Pask, carpenter and builder, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Harper, George, dyer and dresser, Calvert street
Harper, Henry, market gardener, Fisher’s lane
Harper, Isaac, brewers’ agent, Lower King street
Harper, James Kersey, brush and patten manufacturer, St. Benedict’s
street
Harper, Joseph, silk, cotton, and woollen dyer, St. George’s Bridge
street
Harper and Sutton, chemists and druggists, Bank plain
Harpley, Thomas, hairdresser, Cowgate street
Harris, James, green grocer, Ber street
Harris, James Thomas, wholesale shoe manufacturer, Ber street
Harris, Mrs. Mary, 14, Distillery street
Harris, Thomas, gardener and green grocer, King street
Harris, William, The Angel, Trowse
Harris, Zebediah, dyer and scourer, 38, Pottergate street
Harrison, Alfred, shoe manufacturer; h Distillery street, Heigham;
warehouse, Bridewell alley
Harrison, Edward, confectioner, &c., Church street
Harrison, Harrod and Co., directory publishers, Somerleyton street
Harrison, Isaac, joiner, John street, Heigham
Harrison, John, grocer and tea dealer, Globe street, Union place
Harrison, John, (see Harrison, Harrod, and Co.) Somerleyton street
Harrison, Mrs. Mary Ann, green grocer, &c., Queen street
Harrison, Mrs., baker, Elm hill
Harrison, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Elm hill
Harrison, Thomas Thurlow, Essex street, Union place
Harrison, William, boot and shoe maker, Bridewell alley
Harrison, William, muffin baker, St. Andrew’s hill
Harrison, William, tailor, Botolph street
Harrison, William Thomas, baker, Golden Ball street
Harrod, John George, (see Harrison, Harrod, and Co.) Somerleyton street
Hart, Miss Catherine, boarding and day school, 14, Victoria street
Hart, John, corn and timber merchant; h St. Giles’ street
Hart, Philip Woodrow, coach builder, Chapel Field road, and Red Lion st.
Hart, Robert, havel and slaie manufacturer, Golden Dog lane
Hart, William, grocer and draper, St. Benedict’s street
Hart, William George, watch and clock maker, silversmith and jeweller,
46, London street
Hart, Mrs. Sophia, 3, Portland place, Holl’s lane
Hartley, William, hairdresser, Little Orford street
Hartmann, Francis A., physician, Surrey street
Harvard and Co., wholesale and retail confectioners, The Walk
Harvard, Mr. Samuel, Bracondale grove
Harvey, Mr. Charles, 6, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Harvey, Rev. Edward Kerrison, Fernado cottage, Thorpe hamlet
Harvey and Hudson, bankers, Crown bank, King street
Harvey, Isaac, pawnbroker, William street
Harvey, James, baker, Fishgate street
Harvey, Mr. James, 9, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Harvey, John, boot and shoe maker, 11, London street
Harvey, Sir Robert John, knt., Mousehold house, Thorpe hamlet
Harvey, Robert J. H., Esq., Bracondale house
Harvey, Samuel, baker and grocer, Staff of Life, Fishgate street
Harvey, William S., plumber, painter, glazier, and whiting manufacturer,
William street; h Wellington place, Wellington street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 32)
Harwin, James, tea dealer, 3, Charles street, Heigham
Hase, Thomas, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Haslip, James, coal dealer, Abbs’ yard, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Hastings, George, tunist, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Hatcarton, Joseph, confectioner, Bedford street
Hatch, Frederick, baker, William street
Hatch, William, The Express Train, Rose lane
Havers, Charles, wholesale and retail ironmonger, oil and colorman,
Charing cross; h West Pottergate street
Havers, Amelia, milliner and dressmaker, Fishgate street
Havers, John Bailey, accountant, Coldstream terrace, Bedford street,
Unthank’s road
Havers, George, (see Rogers and Havers); h 6, Chatham place, Chapel Field
road
Havers, Mrs. Maria, 6, Chatham place, Chapel Field road
Havers, Robert N., designer, Infirmary road
Havers, Samuel, sugar boiler, St. Miles’ Church alley
Havers, William Henry, pawnbroker, St. Paul’s plain
Haward, The Misses, milliners and dressmakers, Theatre street
Hawes, George, plumber, glazier and painter, Mariners’ lane
Hawes, James, dyer, dresser, and shawl cleaner, Nelson street, Heigham
fields
Hawes, Samuel, shoemaker, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Hawkes, Mrs. Amy, Julian street
Hawkes, Robert William, wool merchant, Willow lane, St. Giles
Hawkes, William, bankers’ clerk, 14, Chapel Field
Hawkins, Mrs. Martha, Unthank’s road
Hay, William, surgeon dentist, Post Office street
Hayes, John, wood turner, Magdalen street
Hayhoo, Thomas, green grocer, St., Augustine’s street
Haylett, David, shoemaker, Playford’s court, Pottergate street
Hayne, William, Rainbow tavern, Holl’s lane
Hayward, Carif, tinman and brazier, Ber street
Hayward, James John, working jeweller, Little London street
Hayward, John, gardener, Trowse
Hazlewood, Christmas Adam, beer retailer, and plumber and glazier,
Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Hazlewood, Christopher John, corn merchant, Weavers’ lane
Heasell, the Misses Elizabeth and Susan (boarding school) Surrey road
Heaviside, John, drawing master, Church street, St. Saviour’s
Heazle and Co., coal merchants, Lower Westwick street
Hedgeman, Richard George, inspector of taxes, Cook’s lane, King street
Heffill, Alder, commercial traveller, Lakenham place, St. Catherine’s
plain
Hemnell, Johnson, eating and coffee-house, Rose lane
Henderson, John, travelling draper, Caledonia terrace, Dereham road
Henderson, William, butcher, Church street, Lakenham
Hendry, James, beer retailer, Lower Westwick street
Henley, Mrs. Ann, Newmarket road
Henley, Mr. William, 9, Newmarket road
Henney, Charity, haberdasher, Eagle terrace, Newmarket road
Hennery, William, Cat and Fiddle, Magdalen street
Herbert, Mrs. Ann, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Herring, Mrs. Ann, West Pottergate street
Herring, Edward, grocer, Lower King street
Herring, Mrs. Maria, St. Faith’s lane
Heseltine, James, Royal Hotel and posting house, Market place
Hewett, Alfred, grocer and tea dealer, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Hewett, Charlotte, dressmaker, West Pottergate street
Hewett, Edward Colby, clerk, 2, Adelaide buildings, Dereham road
Hewett, L., dressmaker, Lothian street, St. Benedict’s
Hewing, Joseph, Plumbers’ Arms, Prince’s street
Hewison, Mr. Joseph, Keyzor’s terrace, Unthank’s road
Hewitt, George, brass and iron founder, and Red Lion inn, Orford hill
Hewitt, George, shoemaker, West End street, Heigham
Hewitt, James, builder and carpenter, St. Augustine’s gates
Hewitt, John, land agent and surveyor, corner of Chantry, Theatre street
Hewitt, Thomas, baker, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Hewitt, Tutell, Cherry Tree, Hall road, Lakenham
Hewitt, William, surgical instrument maker, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s
road
Hewitt, William, beer retailer, St. Mary’s Church alley
Hibberd, Amies, stone mason, Chapel Field road; h Julian place
Hibgame, Rev. Edward, Lower close
Hick, Wm., confectioner, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Hicks, Ann, lodging-house keeper, Pitt street
Hickling, Robert, beer retailer, Duke’s street
Hickman, Mrs. E., 4, Heigham terrace, Dereham road
Higgin, Henry, Bakers’ Arms, and baker, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
High, George, grocer, New Catton
High, George, Eagle tavern, West Pottergate street
High, Jacob, shoemaker, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
High, John, beer retailer, and French polisher, St. Benedict’s street
Hill, Mrs. Catherine, sub-postmistress, Thorpe hamlet
Hill, Miss Clara, milliner, Red Lion st.
Hill, Edward Robert, corn merchant, 2, Exchange street
Hill, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Upper King street
Hill, Mrs. Hannah, St. Stephen’s road
Hill, Hezekiah, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s
Hill, Horace, professor of music, 46, Pottergate street
Hill, James Frederick, professor of music, St. Giles’ terrace
Hill, John, grocer, Vauxhall street
Hill, John, grocer and tea dealer, Cowgate street
Hill, John, florist, Newmarket road
Hill, John, wholesale grocer and tea dealer, St. Augustine’s
Hill, John, plumber, painter and glazier, Orford hill; h St. Giles’
street
Hill, Lot, news agent, Bridewell alley
Hill, Michael, tailor and draper, Colegate street
Hill, Reuben, baker, King street
Hill, Richard, lemonade manufacturer, Cow hill
Hill, Robert, hairdresser, Red Lion street
Hill, Samuel Secker, bankers’ clerk, 12, Castle meadow
Hill, Mr. Samuel, 4, Waddington street, Heigham
Hills and Underwood, wine and spirit merchants, and vinegar makers and
distillers, Saint Faith’s lane
Hilling, Mrs. Elizabeth, Julian street, Julian place
Hilling, Frederick, merchant’s clerk, 26, Victoria street
Hilling, Mary, The Steam Packet, King street
Hinchley, Samuel, The Duke’s tavern, Tombland
Hinde, Ephraim and Francis, manufacturers, Botolph street
Hinde, Mr. Francis, All Saints’ green
Hindes, Henry and Son, rope, twine and sack manufacturers, Red Lion
street and Magdalen street
Hindes, Mr. Henry, Philadelphia (see Hindes, Henry and Son)
Hinds, Robert, hairdresser, St. Benedict’s street
Hindes, William, rope and sack manufacturer, Upper Westwick street
Hindle, Maria, butcher, Pump street
Hines, Charles, engineer, lathe and tool maker, ivory, hardwood, and
metal turner, machinist and agent to the Briton Life Association, Muspole
street, St. George’s
Hinsbey, Thomas William, architect and surveyor, 18, Castle meadow
Hipper, James, tailor, Rampant Horse street
Hipper, Mary Ann, draper, St. Benedict’s street
Hipper, William, boot and shoe manufacturer, Upper Westwick street
Hipperson and Jennings, Berlin wool and fancy repository and
confectioners, Davey place
Hitchman, Robert, city chief constable, Guildhall, Market place
Hupton, Mrs. Francis (day school) Hall road, Lakenham
Hoar, William, inland revenue officer, St. Julian’s street
Hobrough, Henry, river contractor, Mousehold
Hobrough, William, boat builder and general agent, Bishop’s bridge,
Thorpe hamlet
Hodds, Catherine, grocer, Ber street
Hodds, Richard Robert, tailor and hatter, Elm hill
Hodds, Richard, tailor, Elm hill
Hodgson, David, artist, Grey Friars’ Priory lane, King street
Hodgson, James Lincolne, solicitor’s clerk, St. Clement’s grove, New
Catton
Hogg, Henry, Rose inn, Magdalen st.
Hogg, Mr. James, Distillery street
Hogg, Noah, shoe manufacturer, Sussex street
Holden, James, plasterer, Fox and Hounds’ court, Ber street
Holder, Reuben, fancy repository, St. Stephen’s street
Holl, Alfred Samuel, commercial traveller, Chapel Field road
Holl, Charlotte, general shopkeeper, Peacock street
Holl, George, shoemaker, All Saints’ green
Holl, Mr. Robert Durrant, Mount Pleasant
Holl, William, boot and shoe maker, Castle street
Holl, William Gurney, boot maker, Suffolk street, Union place, Heigham
Holland, Mrs. Catherine, ham and bacon curer, Lower Goat lane
Holland, Edward Christopher, surgeon, St. Stephen’s Villa, St. Stephen’s
road
Holland, Mrs. Emily, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Holland, Francis, butcher, St. Benedict’s road
Hollaway, Rev. Charles, The Close
Hollis, Robert, Shakespeare tavern, Theatre street
Holman, George, green grocer, King street
Holmes and Sons, engineers, millwrights, and agricultural implement
manufacturers, works, Prospect place and Castle hill (_see
Advertisement_, _pp._ 2, 3)
Holmes, Edmund, beer retailer and carter, Lower Westwick street
Holmes, Edmund, beer retailer, Royal Oak, Upper King street
Holmes, Mrs. Esther (establishment for young ladies) St. Stephen’s road
Holmes, Frederick, engineer, Globe lane
Holmes, George Thomas (see Holmes and Son) All Saints’ green
Holmes, George, green grocer, St. Augustine’s
Holmes, George, clerk at Union Fire and Life Office; h New Lakenham
Holmes, Mr. Henry, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Holmes, James (see Holmes and Son,) Globe lane
Holmes, James, grocer, draper, and beer retailer, King street
Holmes, Mary Ann, dressmaker, Museum court, St. Andrew’s
Holmes, Richard, town traveller, Bracondale
Holmes, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Rigby’s court, St. Giles’
Holmes, Robert, hairdresser, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Holmes, William, blacking manufacturer, Coburgh street
Homan and Co., shoe manufacturers, Bethel street
Homes and Son, blacking manufacturers, Anchor court, Surrey street
Homes, John, boot maker, Surrey street
Homewood, Miss Anna, milliner, Brazen Doors road
Hood, John Henry, bricklayer and plasterer, Rupert street, Union place
Hood, Robert, builder, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Hood, William, builder and contractor, Sussex street
Hook, Joseph, butcher, St. Stephen’s street
Hook, Joseph John, grocer, draper, and bricklayer, Brazen Doors road
Hook, Samuel Beckett, tailor, St. George’s plain
Hooper, John, druggist, Hall road, Lakenham
Hopkins, John, Bethel street
Hopkins, Stephen (lodging-house) Lower close
Hopper, Henry William, British schoolmaster, Trafalgar st., New Lakenham
Hopson, Mrs. Charlotte, lodging-house keeper, 14, Castle Meadow
Horne, John, estate agent, Castle Meadow
Horne, Robert, boot and shoe manufacturer, Little London street; h
Heigham road
Horner, Charles, land agent and surveyor, Saint Martin’s at Palace
Horner, Mrs., lodging-house keeper, St. Mary’s alley, Pitt street
Hornor, Robert T., ironmonger, &c., Post Office street
Horsley, William, cabinet maker, St. Augustine’s
Horth, William, shoemaker, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Hoste, Rev. George Charles, Grove terrace, Unthank’s road
Hotblack, John and Co., shoe manufacturers and leather merchants, Orford
hill; h Bracondale
Hotblack, Mr. John, Bracondale
Hotblack, Mrs. Virtue, Heigham road
Hotson, Wales Christopher, barrister, Grey Friars’, King street
Hough and Son, J., cheese factors, oil refiners, and grease
manufacturers, and dealers in rosin, Castle Meadow
Houghton, David, dyer, 4, Upper St. Giles’ street
Houghton, Eliza, dyer, Prince’s street
Houghton, Henry, Wounded Hart, Upper Market
Houghton, Mr. Henry John, All Saints’ green
Houghton, John, dyer, Ten Bell lane
Houghton, Miss Louisa, dressmaker, Upper Market
Houghton, Robert, boat builder, St. Faith’s lane
Houghton, Robert, boat builder, Grout’s Thoroughfare, Orford hill
Houghton, Robert, joiner, builder, and grocer, Ber street
Houghton, Robert E., house steward at Norfolk and Norwich Hospital
Houghton, Thomas, green grocer, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Houghton, William, merchant’s clerk, Charles street, Heigham
Housego, Jemima, lodging-house keeper, Rose lane
Housego, William, artist, 21, Upper King street
Housedane, Joseph, second-hand clothes dealer, Lower Westwick street
Hovell, Elizabeth, day school, Rupert street, Union place
Hovell, Mrs. R., Distillery street
Hovell, William, basket maker, Charing cross
Howard, Miss Ann, dressmaker, Theatre street
Howard, Ann, beer retailer, Fishgate st.
Howard, Mrs. Ann, private lodging-house keeper, Grove place, Lakenham
Howard, Anna, linen warehouse, St. Stephen’s street
Howard, Miss Anne, ladies’ boarding school, Unthank’s road
Howard, Benjamin, John street, Rose lane
Howard, Charles, The Duke of York, Thorpe hamlet
Howard, Charles H., builder, bricklayer, &c., Bishopgate street
Howard and Co., wholesale and retail millinery establishment, Victoria
house, London street
Howard, Daniel, baker and shopkeeper, Barrack street
Howard, Emanuel Simon, Venetian blind manufacturer, Rose lane
Howard, Mrs. Emily, milliner, St. Faith’s lane
Howard, Everett and Thomas, bricklayers and plasterers, Peacock street
Howard, George, upholsterer, John street, Rose lane
Howard, George, coachsmith and green grocer, Little Orford street
Howard, James, tripe dresser, Thorn lane
Howard, James, shoemaker, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Howard, James, bricklayer and builder, King street
Howard, James, plumber, glazier, and painter, Sardinian tavern, St.
Stephen’s street
Howard, John, bricklayer and plasterer, Fishgate street
Howard, John, carver, Bethel street
Howard, Mrs. Mary Ann, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Howard, Riches and Watts, engineers and millwrights, iron and brass
founders, &c., Duke’s Palace iron works (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 6)
Howard, Robert, grocer, New Catton
Howard, Robert, shoemaker, St. Miles’ Church alley
Howard, Samuel, shoemaker, Peacock street
Howard, Mr. Samuel, St. Saviour’s lane
Howard, Thomas, bricklayer, The Red Lion, Bishopgate street
Howard, William, pork butcher, Catton road
Howard, William, carpenter and builder, Bishopgate street
Howard, Z., baker, &c., near the church, New Catton
Howell, Henry, shopkeeper, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Howell, Henry, well sinker, Baker’s road, St. Augustine’s
Howell, James, carpenter, St. Augustine’s
Howell, Miss Mary, 25, Paragon street, Heigham
Howell, William, leather seller, Lower Goat lane
Howe, John, carter, Red Lion, Magdalen street
Howes, Abraham, boot and shoe maker, Rampant Horse street
Howes, Mrs. Ann, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Howes, Ann and Son, grocers and tea dealers, and tallow chandlers, St.
Giles’ hill; manufactory, Ber street, (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 22)
Howes, Charles, boot and shoe maker, and general shopkeeper, Magdalen
street
Howes, Deborah, cloak, mantle, and dress maker, Magdalen street
Howes, Mrs. Eliza, Valentine street, Heigham
Howes, George Smith, City Arms, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Howes, Henry, beer retailer, Lower King street
Howes, James A., printer, (see Howes and Soman) 4, St. Andrew’s hill
Howes, James, market gardener, Magdalen street
Howes, James, White Lion, Magdalen street
Howes, Jeremiah, hotpresser, Howes’ yard, St. Miles’
Howes, John, Esq., 4, The Crescent
Howes, John, Rupert street, Union place
Howes, John, (see Howes, Ann and Son) tallow chandler and grocer, St.
Giles’ hill
Howes, John, shopkeeper and lodging house, Bridge street, St. George’s
Howes, Joseph and James, coach and harness makers, Red Lion street
Howes, Richard, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Howes, Richard, hawker, Tinkler’s lane
Howes, Robert Heron, Adam and Eve Gardens, Tabernacle street
Howes, Mrs. Sarah, Upper close
Howes, Thomas, hotpresser, Church street, St. Miles’
Howes, Thomas, shoemaker, Russell st.
Howes, Thomas Self, coach builder, Rose lane and Castle meadow
Howes, William, green grocer, Cowgate street
Howes, William, shoemaker, Heigham causeway
Howes, William Cooper, writer and grainer, and gas fitter, Boarded court,
Ber street; h Newmarket road (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 23)
Howlett and Co., furnishing and general ironmongers, oil and colormen,
and ironfounders, 6, Old Haymarket
Howlett, Henry, tunist; h St. Benedict’s road
Howlett, Eliza, grocer, Lower Westwick street
Howlett, John W., currier, (see Tillyard and Howlett)
Howlett, Richard, tailor, Bridge street, St. George’s
Howlett, Robert, carpenter, St. Augustine’s
Howlett, Thomas, grocer, Lower Westwick street
Howlett, Walter, tunist, Valentine street, Heigham
Howlett, William, pianoforte and music warehouse, 2, The Walk
Howlett, William, pianoforte tuner, Valentine street
Howman, Samuel, provision dealer, Upper market
Howman, William, White Lion, and horse and gig letter, Oak street, St.
Martin’s
Hubbard, Mrs. Hannah, staymaker, Westlegate street
Hubbard, Henry, plumber, glazier, and painter, Westlegate street
Hubbard, Henry, Coopers’ Arms, Prince’s street
Hubbard, James, brewer, and wine, spirit, and porter merchant, Magdalen
street
Hubbard, James, cowkeeper, Northumberland street, Heigham
Hubbard, Miss Jane, All Saints’ green
Hubbard, Sarah, dyer, Golden Dog lane
Hubbard, Thomas, Wellington place, Grove road
Huby, Mrs. Elizabeth, 20, Distillery st.
Huby, Richard, cabinet maker, Lower Westwick street
Hudbud and Son, auctioneers and appraisers, Upper Westwick street
Hudson, E., straw bonnet maker, West Pottergate street
Hudson, George Edmund, shoemaker, West Pottergate street
Hudson, John, boot and shoe maker, West Pottergate street
Hudson, Mrs. Mary Ann, 6, Grapes’ hill
Huggins, Charles, beer retailer, King street
Huggins, Edward, cowkeeper, Hall road, Lakenham
Huggins, James, working cutler, Rising Sun lane
Huggins, John, wheelwright and blacksmith, Chapel Field road
Huggins, John, photographic artist, 17, Davey place
Huggins, Miss Maria, upholsterer, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Hughes, Ann, milliner and dress maker, Upper Westwick street
Hughes, William, Bath House, St. Martin’s at Oak
Hull, Mrs. Hannah, Redwell street
Hull, William Henry, baker and confectioner, Coslany street
Hulme, John Hughes, chemist and druggist, St. Andrew’s Hall plain (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 11)
Humphrey, John, clerk, Essex street, Union place
Humphery, Susan, beer retailer, Sussex street
Humphery, William, shopkeeper and bricklayer, Pump street
Hunn, Philip, carpenter and shopkeeper, Rising Sun lane
Hunt, Alfred, bookseller and stationer, and circulating library, and
agent to the Briton Life Assurance Compy., Orford hill
Hunt, George, branch post-office, Dereham road
Hunt, James, pastrycook and confectioner, 62, St. Stephen’s street
Hunt, John, working cutler and confectioner, Upper Westwick street
Hunt, John, grocer and tea dealer, Quay side
Hunt, Joseph William, shoemaker, Trafalgar street
Hunt, Mrs. H., Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Hunter, William, upholsterer, (see Clarke and Hunter)
Hurn, Daniel, rope manufacturer, Dove street; h Unthank’s road
Hurn, George, hemp and sack merchant and waterproof cover maker, Dove
street; h Mount Pleasant
Hurn, Mary and Elizabeth, milliners, Bunk street
Hurrell, William, fishmonger, Magdalen gates
Hurry, John, shoemaker, Cross lane
Hurry, Thomas, church bell hanger, 2, Bethel street
Huson and Co., lace, velvet, satin, veils, scarfs, shawl, and French and
English millinery establishment, London street
Huson, Mrs. Mary, Crescent place, Chapel Field road
Huson, Robert, linen draper, Bridge street, St. George’s
Hussey, William, nurseryman, seedsman, and florist, Horticultural
gardens, St. Catherine’s plain
Hutchison, Charles, M.D., Surrey street
Hutchison, G. S., surgeon, Surrey street
Hutson, George, St. Catherine’s plain
Hutton, John, tea dealer, Old Haymarket
Hutton, Mr. John William, Mount Pleasant
Hyams, Emanuel, London and Birmingham warehouse, 5 and 6, St. Andrew’s
Hall plain
Ibrook, Mr. Richmond, 8, Newmarket terrace
Ilott, William, (see Hall and Ilott) St. Stephen’s
Ineson, Joseph, rag merchant, Elm hill; h Distillery street
Isaac, Edward, baker, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Isaacs, John, slipper manufacturer, Magdalen street
Isbell, Miss Maria, milliner and dressmaker, Charles street, Heigham
Isbill, Charles, butcher, Charing cross
Iungius, Mrs. Jemima, printer and stationer, Pottergate street
Iungius, Miss Kate, milliner, Theatre street
Ives, Miss Ann Sarah, boarding school, 13, The Crescent, Chapel Field
road
Ives, Charles, butcher, Magdalen street
Ives, Capt. Ferdinand, St. Catherine’s hill
Ives, George, auctioneer, valuer, and estate agent, Crown Bank plain
Ives, John, Bakers’ Arms, Ber street
Ives, John C., commercial traveller, Brazen Doors road
Ives, Richard N., local manager Unity Life and Fire Association, 72, St.
Giles’ street; h Lower King street
Iveson, Mrs. Rebecca, butcher, Union street, Crook’s place
Jacobs, John, butcher, St. Catherine’s plain
Jackson, Mrs. Charlotte, Lame Dog road
Jackson, Edward, butcher, Pottergate street
Jackson, Hannah, green grocer, Pump street
Jackson, Henry Charles, musician, Fishgate street
Jackson, James, musician, Cowgate street
Jackson, Joseph, linen draper, All Saints’ green
Jackson, Mrs. Mary, Bracondale
Jackson, Rev. Oliver, Primitive Methodist preacher, Mill hill, New Catton
Jackson, William, musician, Prince’s street
Jackson, William, sen., musician and green grocer, Fishgate street
Jackson, William, general shopkeeper, Coburg street
James, Grace, lodging-house keeper, Rose lane
James, Henry, King’s Arms, Bishop Bridge, Thorpe hamlet
James, Henry, chemist and druggist, Oak street, St. Martin’s
James, John, general shopkeeper, Chapel street, Crook’s place
James, Wallace, beer retailer, St. John’s street
James, William, Imperial Arms, Upper King street
Jarman, Thomas, Royal Oak, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Jarrett, Thomas, dyer and furniture broker, Magdalen street
Jarrold and Sons, booksellers, binders, printers, publishers, and
wholesale stationers, London street, and 3, Exchange street
Jarrold, Mr. Samuel; h Bracondale (see Jarrold and Sons)
Jarrold, Mr. Thomas; h The Mount, Thorpe hamlet (see Jarrold and Sons)
Jarrold, Mr. William P., Newmarket road
Jarvis, Mr. Henry, Thorpe terrace, Thorpe hamlet
Jarvis, Henry, railway and general carrier and carman, Lucas’ wharf,
Thorpe hamlet (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 35)
Jarvis, John, county court bailiff, Pump street
Jarvis, Joseph, grocer, Fishgate street
Jarvis, Mrs. R., Codogan place, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Jarvis, William, Pine Apple, market gardener and farmer, Trowse
Jarvis, Mr. William, Trafalgar place, Hall road
Jarvis, William, merchant’s clerk, 6, Langham place, Dereham road
Jay, Benjamin, florist, St. Faith’s lane
Jay, Charles, fishmonger, Market place; h Unthank’s road
Jay, George, mohair manufacturer, King street
Jay, George, fish merchant, The Fishmarket; h Fisher’s lane, St. Giles’
street
Jay, Mr. George, Bracondale (see Jay and Pilgrim)
Jay, James, gardener, Upper King street
Jay, Joshua, dyer, &c., Bethel street
Jay, John, window glass, sheet lead, pipe and color merchant, St.
Andrew’s hill
Jay, John, baker, 12, West Pottergate street
Jay, Joseph Burcham, shopkeeper, Lower King street
Jay, Mrs. Mary, 3, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Jay and Pilgrim, solicitors, Toll’s court, Briggs’ street
Jay, Mr. Thomas B., Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Jeans, Edwin, bookseller, binder, and stationer, White Lion street
Jeary, Robert, bookseller, binder, stationer, &c., 4 and 5, Bridewell
alley; h Mount Pleasant
Jeckell, Rev. George, Unthank’s road
Jeckell, George, grocer, Ber Street gates
Jeckell, Thomas, architect, Bank court, Queen street
Jecks, Mrs. Sarah, 2, York place, Chapel Field road
Jecks, William and Charles, timber merchants, St. Faith’s lane
Jefferies, William, beer retailer, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Jeffries, Mrs. Emily, milliner, 56, St. Giles’ street
Jeffries, George, gun and pistol maker, Golden Ball street
Jeffries, Leamon, The Griffin, King street
Jeffries, Robert, grocer and draper, King street
Jeffries, Mr. Samuel, Brazen Doors road
Jeffries, Walter Loud, (see Burrage and Jeffries); h Caledonia terrace,
Dereham road
Jennings, Samuel, wholesale shoe manufacturer, Theatre street
Jennings, Samuel, sawyer, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Jennings, Thomas, hatter, Magdalen street
Jennis, John, gardener, Lower Westwick street
Jermy, Jeremiah, green grocer, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Johnson, Ambrose, pawnbroker, &c., Lower Westwick street
Johnson, Charles, timber dealer, Trowse
Johnson, Mr. Charles, Woodlands, Dereham road
Johnson, Daniel, timber dealer, Trowse
Johnson, Edward, Esq., Pitt street
Johnson, Edwin, brush maker, Devonshire place, Holl’s lane
Johnson, Gilman, and Co., shoe manufacturers, Pottergate street
Johnson, Harriet, dressmaker, Lower Westwick street
Johnson, Jacob, linen draper, (see Lovick and Johnson)
Johnson, James, M.D., The Chantry, Theatre street
Johnson, John, shopkeeper, Ber street
Johnson, John Godwin, surgeon, 64, St. Giles’ street
Johnson, John Sewell, baker and confectioner, Cowgate street
Johnson, Robert, register office for servants, 26, Castle meadow
Johnson, Samuel, medical botanist, Vauxhall street
Johnson, Sarah and Anna, day school, Rose lane
Johnson, Sewell John, baker, &c., Upper Westlegate street
Johnson, Susanna, confectioner, Rampant Horse street
Johnson, Thomas, solicitor’s clerk, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Johnson, Mr. William, Lothian street
Johnston, Fergus, agent for Virtue and Co., publishers, 5, Jay’s terrace,
Rose lane
Jolly, Charles William, carriage and harness manufacturer, St. Stephen’s
gates; h Newmarket road
Jolly, John, King’s Arms, Hall road
Jolly, Robert, stationer, Vauxhall street
Jones, Mrs. Elizabeth, linen draper, &c., Briggs’ street
Jones, James, butcher, Grove place, Lakenham
Jones, Peter, plumber, painter, and glazier, St. Margaret’s Church alley
Jones, Miss Sarah, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Jones, William, plumber, 1, St. Gregory’s Church passage
Jordan, Mrs. Rachel Elizabeth, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street, St.
Miles’
Joseph and Samuel, pawnbrokers, silversmiths, shoe manufacturers, &c.,
Timberhill street
Joseph, Maurice, (see Joseph and Samuel) Timberhill street
Joy, Mrs. Charlotte, 25, Newmarket road
Joy, Matthew, Calvert street
Joyce, Mrs. Charlotte, St. Giles’ road
Joyce, James, last and boot-tree maker, Ber street
Juba, Edmund, ticket writer and tobacconist, Bridge street, St. George’s
Kahler, John Henry, baker, &c., Rose lane
Kedenton, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Kedge, Robert, beer retailer, Duke street
Kedge, Thomas, grocer, Ber street
Keeble, Mrs. Harriet, dressmaker, Rose lane
Keeble, James, cabinet maker, John street
Kehle, Joseph, watch and clock maker, Stump cross, Magdalen street
Keith, Mr. Frederick, Bracondale
Keith, Mr. Thomas, Bracondale
Kemp, George Pank, hair cutter and perfumer, 17, Exchange street
Kemp, Henry, proprietor of reading and billiard rooms, Market place
Kemp, Mr. Henry, 8, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Kemp, Isaac, Chapel Field road
Kemp, James, green grocer, St. Lawrence lane
Kemp, James, horse-hair seating and crinoline manufacturer, and furniture
broker, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Kemp, Mrs. Mary, tea dealer, Golden Dog lane
Kemp, Thomas, saddler and harness maker, Great Orford street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 26)
Kemp, William and Son, shoe manufacturers, 18, Pitt street
Kemp, William, The Tuns Inn, St. Giles’ gates
Kempster, John, auctioneer, valuer, accountant, and estate agent; agent
to the English Widows’ Fund and General Life, the State Fire, Plate
Glass, and Accidental Death, and Agricultural Cattle and Hail Storm
Insurance Compys., Davey place
Kempster, Rev. John Joseph James, minister at Countess of Huntingdon’s
chapel, The Tabernacle; h Westbeech house, St. Benedict’s road
Kempster, Mrs., boarding and day school, Westbeech house, St. Benedict’s
road
Kenney, Edmund Thomas, Cabinet-makers’ Arms, Redwell street
Kent, Alfred, rag merchant, Upper Goat lane
Kent, Charles, Bull Inn, St. Paul’s st.
Kent, Henry, hosier and shirt maker, 3, London street
Kent, Mrs. Mary, butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Kent, Robert, boot and shoe maker, 10 and 11, London street
Kent, Thomas, The Light Horseman, Barrack street
Kenyon, John, saw and file manufacturer, Lower Goat lane
Keown, Mr., draper, &c., Valentine street, St. Benedict’s road
Kerr, John, plumber, painter, and glazier, Lower Goat lane
Kerr, Stephen John, printer and bookbinder, All Saints’ green
Kerrison, George, traveller, Chapel Field road
Kerrison, James, grocer and tea dealer, 6, Timberhill street
Kerrison, James, watchmaker and provision dealer, Magdalen street
Kerrison and Preston, solicitors; office, Bank plain
Kerrison, Roger, solicitor, clerk to Norfolk Justices at the Shirehall,
and to Norwich Gas Light Compy., (limited) commissioner for taking
acknowledgments of deeds by married women, commissioner to administer
oaths in Chancery in England, and agent to the Alliance Fire and Life
Assurance Compy., Tombland
Kerrison, Mr. Simon, St. Saviour’s Church alley
Kerridge, Elizabeth, general shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Kerridge, John, Reindeer, St. Benedict’s road
Kerry, George, furniture broker, and rent and debt collector, St. Mary’s
Kerry, George Caythorpe, accountant and debt collector, Elm hill
Kerry, John, cabinet maker, St. Benedict’s street
Kett, Elizabeth, Surrey inn, Grove place, Lakenham
Kett, George, Willow place, Hall road, Lakenham
Kett, Henry Watson, coal merchant, Hall road, Lakenham
Kett, James, coach maker and postmaster, 73, St. Giles’ street
Kett, James Frederick, dealer, The Swan, Magdalen street
Kett, Petter Mullish, butcher, Magpie road
Kett, William Woodhouse, linen draper, silk mercer, &c., London street,
and 2, Exchange street
Ketton, John, oilcake manufacturer, Rose lane; h The Close, and Sprowston
Grange
Ketton, Mr. John, Upper close
Kew, Louisa, milliner, &c., 45, Upper St. Giles’ street
Key, George, shopkeeper, Oak street
Key, Joseph, whitesmith, Calvert street
Key, Robert, cabinet maker, Holl’s lane, Heigham
Key, Samuel, jun., shopkeeper, Upper Heigham
Key, Samuel, Holl’s lane
Key, Septimus, ginger beer manufacturer, Mansfield’s yard, St. Stephen’s
street
Keymer, Thomas, brewer’s clerk, King street
Keyzor, Michael, optician, St. Giles’ street
Kidd, Mrs. Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Kidd, Walter, jobbing gardener, West Pottergate street
Kiddell, Joshua, ironmonger and earthenware dealer, Timberhill street
Kiddle, Joshua, Calvert street
Kilburn, William, William Tell, Castle hill
Kilburn, William, clothier, St. Benedict’s street
King, Edward, butcher, Southwell street, New Lakenham
King, George, White Lion, Prince’s st.
King, James, Bolingbroke’s stores, Bank plain, London street
King, James, plumber and glazier, Prince’s street; h Grapes’ hill
King, John and James, plumbers, glaziers, and painters, Prince’s street
King, Mrs., curiosity shop, Back of the Inns
King, Leonard, French polisher, Lower King street
King, Mrs., Union place
King, Mrs., Home Cottage, Unthank’s road
King, Matilda and Rachel, dressmakers and milliners, Calvert street
King, Robert, Artichoke inn, Magdalen gates
King, Russell, grocer, Ber street
King, Samuel, 3, Chapel Field road
King, Samuel, Theatre tavern, Bethel st.
King, Samuel Benjamin, Pine Apple, St. Martin’s lane
King, Thomas, clerk and collector for Water Works Company, Alma terrace,
Infirmary road
King, Thomas Charles Rackham, plumber, painter, and glazier, Tombland and
Elm hill (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 22)
King, Tyrrell, umbrella maker, St. Saviour’s lane
King, William Howes, tailor, Trafalgar street
Kingdom, The Misses, dressmakers, 3, Sussex street
Kinnebrook, Mr. William, Earlham road
Kirkham, Dennis, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Redwell street
Kirby, Joseph, hawker, Mill street, New Lakenham
Kitson, John, solicitor, Thorpe hamlet, clerk to Dean and Chapter, Lower
close; h Thorpe hamlet
Kittmer, Miss Charlotte Rice, Queen street
Kitton, Frederic, tobacco and snuff manufacturer, 10, Old Haymarket; h
Dereham road
Kitton, George, merchant, St. Faith’s lane
Kitton, Mrs. Lucy, Magdalen street
Kitton, Robert, architect and surveyor, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ street
Klein, Mrs. A., fancy repository, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Klein, Herr Hermann, professor of the German language, Bridge street, St.
Andrew’s
Knevett and Hall, dressmakers, Magdalen street
Knevett, Harriet, milliner and dress maker, Upper Westwick street
Knevett, Henry, shopkeeper, 38, Magdalen street
Knevett, Henry, beer retailer, Unthank’s road
Knevett, Jonathan, whitesmith, Upper Westwick street
Knights and Ballord, pawnbrokers, All Saints’ green
Knights, Charlotte, pawnbroker, Ber street
Knights, George, fishmonger, Heigham street
Knights, James, pawnbroker, Upper Westwick street
Knights, Robert, merchant’s clerk, Dereham road
Knights, Robert, shoemaker, Eldon row, Chapel Field road
Knights, Susannah, Boarded House, Castle hill
Knight, Thomas, bird preserver, Upper King street
Knowles, Mrs. Hannah, milliner and dressmaker, Rising Sun lane
Lacey, Esau, baker and shopkeeper, Bishopgate street
Lacey, George Plummer, builder and contractor, Surrey road
Lacey, Horace, builder, Surrey street; h St. Faith’s terrace
Lacey, James William, builder, &c., Surrey street
Lacey, John, plumber, painter, and glazier, St. Margaret’s lane
Lacey, John Greenwood, bricklayer and plasterer, Ber street
Lacey, Robert, commercial traveller, Thorpe hamlet
Lacey, William, White Horse, and bricklayer, Castle hill
Lacey, William Randall, carpenter and builder, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Ladbrooke, John Barney, drawing master, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Ladell, Sarah, lodging-house keeper, Magdalen street
Ladell, Mr. William, Newmarket road
Ladyman, Joseph Harrison, tea dealer, 6, Gentlemen’s Walk; h New road,
Town close
Laflin, Mr. Joseph, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Lain, Edward, bookseller and circulating library, Elm hill
Lake, James, baker, Colegate street
Lake, James, shoemaker and clothier, Red Lion street
Lake, Mr. John, Wellington place, Grove road
Lake, John, shopkeeper, Greyhound lane, St. Benedict’s road
Lake, Samuel, baker and confectioner, Colegate street
Lake, William, grocer, tea dealer, oil and Italian warehouseman, &c.,
Surrey corner, St. Stephen’s
Lake, William, classical and commercial academy, St. Benedict’s road
Lamb, Andrew, green grocer, Heigham street, St. Benedict’s
Lamb, Benjamin Charles, coal merchant, Magdalen street
Lamb, Mrs. Elizabeth, Castle meadow
Lamb, Frederick, cordwainer, Adelaide street, Heigham fields
Lamb, James, butcher, Market place
Lamb, Leonard, butcher, Ber street
Lamb, Leonard, butcher, Rupert street, Union place
Lamb, Mrs. Sarah, wire worker, wire weaver, and corn dressing, and
blowing machine maker, Golden Ball street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 10)
Lamb, Thomas, pork butcher, St. James’ street
Lamb, William, pork butcher, Grapes’ hill
Lambert, Charles, shoemaker, Fishgate street
Lambert, Eliza Mrs., dressmaker, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Lambert, Mr. Francis, Mount Pleasant
Lambert, Francis, tea and coffee merchant, 6 and 7, Lower Goat lane
Lambert, Mr. James, 8, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Lambert, Martin, Windsor Castle, Pockthorpe
Lambert, Mrs., Queen street
Lamercon, Francis, Dove, St. James’ street
Lammas, Brothers, tea dealers, 1, The Walk
Land, Henry, baker, Rupert street
Land, William, gas fitter, St. Peter’s Mancroft
Landy, Mrs. Charlotte, 6, The Crescent
Lane, James, Three Pigeons, Charing cross
Lane, Joseph, hosier, All Saints’ green
Langley, John, market gardener, Holl’s lane
Langton, Edward, librarian, Little Bethel street
Lanham, Gilbert, boot and shoe maker, Lower King street
Lanham, Gilbert, waterman, Lower King street
Lanham and Sword, hairdressers, perfumers, &c., 4, St. Giles’ street
Lantenant, Camille Louis, teacher of languages, Prince’s street
Large, John, tallow chandler, White Friars’ street
Large, John, tallow chandler and shopkeeper, Julian street, Julian place
Larke, Edward Norman, boot and shoe maker, Ber street
Larkman, Henry, furniture broker, St. Benedict’s street
Larkman, James, shoemaker, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Larkman, James, shopkeeper, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Larkman, Robert, beer retailer, Lower Westwick street
Larkman, William, green grocer, St. Augustine’s gates
Larkman, William, tailor, professor of singing, and inventor of an
improved sol-fa system, Gildengate street
Larkman, William, baker and shopkeeper, Lower King street
Larkman, William Augustus, corn merchant, Lower King street
Larn, Samuel, boot maker, Magdalen street
Larn, William, shoemaker, St. Margaret’s Church alley
Laskey, Mary Ann, Gold Beaters’ Arms, Bethel street
Laurence, Michael Calver, St. Julian’s tavern, St. Julian’s street
Lawrence, Mrs. Rebecca, Botolph street
Lawrence, William, upholsterer and paper hanger, 49, Pottergate street
Law, Mrs. Alfred, Unthank’s road
Lawes, Robert Curll, seedsman, Julian street
Lawn, Lubbuck, beer retailer, Upper Westwick street
Lawn, William, The White Lion, St. Benedict’s street
Laws, George, beer retailer, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Laws, James, Wine tavern, Upper St. Giles’ street
Laws, John, Victoria tavern, Magdalen street
Laws, Robert, blacksmith, Lothian street
Laws, Robert, straw hat manufacturer, Westlegate street
Laws, Robert, The Swiss Cottage, and blacksmith, Dereham road
Laws, William, manager at Mr. Read’s mill, Bracondale
Lawson, William, commercial traveller, Dereham road
Lawter, Ellen, dressmaker, St. Julian’s street, Thorn lane
Laxen, Miss, St. Giles’ terrace, Bethel street
Lay, George, cabinet maker, Bethel street
Lay, William Robert, chemist and druggist, Rupert street, Union place
Layton, Mr. Buxton, Mount Pleasant
Leach, George, gas fitter and bell hanger, Lower Goat lane (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 23)
Leach, James, baker, Union street, Crook’s place
Leach, Philip, carpenter and builder, St. Martin’s lane
Leach, Mr. William, Golding street, Dereham road
Leamon, George, green grocer, Bull close
Leamon, Robert, tanner, currier and leather merchant, Upper Market, and
Whitwell, Norfolk
Leamon, Thomas, baker, All Saints’ green
Leath, Thomas Thorne, house and estate agent, Charles street, Heigham
Leavins, Bailey, printer, (see Cundall, Miller, and Leavins); h Cross
street, Unthank’s road
Lebbell, Thomas, blacksmith, Heigham street
Lee, George, commercial coffee and eating house, Market place
Lee, William, shoemaker, All Saints’ green
Leech, Jane, stay maker, St. George’s plain
Leeds, Mrs. Julia, 58, St. Giles’ street
Leeds, Mrs., 6, Somerleyton street
Leeds, Miss Sarah, Thorpe hamlet
Leeds, Sarah and Elizabeth, shopkeepers, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Le Fevre, Thomas, engineer and boiler maker, St. Stephen’s street
Legood, Elizabeth, Butchers’ Arms, Ber street
Legood, Samuel, hay dealer, Prospect square
Leggett, Daniel, baker, Silver road
Leggatt, John, blacksmith, Scoles’ green; h Ber street
Leggatt, Samuel, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Leggett, John, blacksmith, Thorn Tavern court, Ber street
Leggett, Miss Sarah, straw bonnet maker, 5, Crescent place, Chapel Field
road
Le Grys, William, wheelwright and carpenter, Trowse
Leist, James, house carpenter and joiner, and plane maker, Wensum street
Leman, Mrs. Emily, lodging-house keeper, Bethel street
Leman, Robert, manager at Union Office
Lemille, Mrs. Ann, West End place, Grove place, Lakenham
Lemmon, Robert, printer, Willow lane, St. Giles’
Lemon, Thomas, baker and confectioner, All Saint’s street
Lemon, William, horse breaker, 12, St. Stephen’s square
Le Neve, Charles, baker, Fishgate street
Leney, Samuel, merchant, Thorpe hamlet
Le Strange, Thomas, grocer, Pump street
Leveaux and Compy., wine and spirit merchants, Liverpool; principal agent
for Norwich and Norfolk. William E. Filbey; office, Stamp Office yard,
St. Andrew’s, Broad street
Leverett, George, eating house, St. Benedict’s gates
Levern, James, boot and shoe maker, Calvert street
Levere, Miss, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Levine, Joseph, tobacconist, Upper Westwick street
Levine, Moses, cigar merchant, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Lewis, Mrs., 2, Albert place, St. Stephen’s place
Llewfinly, Thomas, general shopkeeper, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Liddelow, Robert, London Tavern, St. Andrew’s hill
Liffen, John, bookbinder, Gildengate street
Lilly, Mrs. Maria, milliner and dressmaker, Bishopgate street
Lincoln, James, baker, Lower King street
Lincoln, James, shoe manufacturer, 14, Pottergate street
Lincoln, James, baker, Thorpe hamlet
Lincoln, John, tobacco pipe and lucifer manufacturer, Pump street
Lincoln, Mrs. Mary Ann, infant schoolmistress, Hall road, Lakenham
Lincoln, Morris, Old Church path, Lakenham
Lincoln, Morris, hairdresser and glover, Chapel street, Union place
Lincoln, Robert, beer retailer, Mill street, Lakenham
Lincolne, Miss Elizabeth (school) Surrey street
Lines, Philip, Somerleyton tavern, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Linford, Robert, watchmaker, Red Lion street
Ling, Abraham, Shirehall tavern, Castle meadow
Ling, Edmund, banker’s clerk, Botolph street
Ling, George, builder and contractor to the Local Board of Health, All
Saints’ green
Ling, Harriet, (day school) Bethel street
Ling, Henry (classical and commercial boarding school) Unthank’s road
Ling, William Samuel, tailor and robe maker, 19, Castle meadow
Ling, Henry, solicitor, Willow lane
Ling, James, lay clerk of the Cathedral, Heigham road
Ling, Mrs. Julia Ann, (day school) 23, Sussex street
Ling, William, Infirmary road
Lingwood, Jeremiah, schoolmaster, St. Faith’s lane
Linstead, Charles, green grocer, Lower King street
Linstead, George, coal dealer, Southwell street, New Lakenham
Linstead, Robert, grocer, Duke street
Lister, John, manufacturing cutler and surgical instrument maker, 10½,
Old Haymarket
Littell, Charles, hosier and shoemaker, White Lion street
Littell, Henry, accountant, St. Stephen’s road
Littleproud, James, shopkeeper, Pottergate street
Littleproud, Mrs. Susan, White Rose, Back of the Inns
Littlewood, Ephraim, The Ship, Lower King street
Littlewood, Frederick Burton, professor of music, Colegate street, St.
Clement’s
Littleboy, George, solicitor’s clerk, Lower close
Littleboy, John, banker’s clerk, 10, Heigham terrace
Littlewood, Sampson, accountant, St. Stephen’s road
Livingstone, Thomas, shopkeeper, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Livock, Miss Hannah, St. Faith’s terrace, St. Faith’s lane
Livock, James, brush maker, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Livock, Henry Briggs, beer retailer, Lower King street
Livock, Mr. Jonathan, Synagogue street, St. Faith’s lane
Livock, Samuel, bricklayer and shopkeeper, West Wymer street, Heigham
Livock, William Thomas, tailor, woollen draper and hatter, 4, London
street
Lloyd, John Adolphus and Co., boot and shoe manufacturers, 20, and 21,
Davey place; h Surrey terrace (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 4)
Lloyd, Richard, merchant’s clerk, Heigham road
Lloyd, Thomas, ecclesiastical and general mason, Rose lane
Lloyde, Mrs. Frances, Hall road, New Lakenham
Loades, Benjamin, land surveyor and lithographer, 55, Pottergate street
Loads, Henry, shopkeeper, Lower King street
Lock, Charles, confectioner, Exchange street
Lock, Henry, St. Catherine’s plain
Lock, Henry, boot and shoe maker, St. Stephen’s street
Lock, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, St. Augustine’s (_see Advertisement_,
_p._ 18)
Lock, William, John Bull, Union street, Crook’s place
Lockwood, Lewis, green grocer, St. Miles’ Church alley
Lockwood, Maria, shopkeeper, St. Miles’ Church alley
Lofty James, hairdresser, Colegate street
Lohr, Eliza, Colegate street
Lohr, Mrs. Lydia, ready-made linen warehouse, milliner, &c., 6, Briggs’
street
Lomas, William, saw maker, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Lombe, William, boot and shoe maker, St. James’ street
London, William, Free Trade tavern, Rose lane
Lonergan, Francis, The Dove, St. James’ street
Long, John, farmer, Silver road
Long, Joseph Page, baker, St. James’ street
Long, Mrs. Mary, Crescent place, Chapel Field road
Long, Walter, tailor and shopkeeper, Coslany street
Loombe, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Timberhill street
Loose, James, broker, Botolph street
Lord, Mr. Aaron, Unthank’s road
Lord, George, brush maker, Lower Westwick street, St. Swithin’s
Lord, John, wool buyer and yarn agent, Duke street
Lorkin, Mrs. Virtue, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Lound, Thomas, agent for the County Fire and Provident Life Offices,
Lower King street
Louth, Robert, Rampant Horse inn, Rampant Horse street
Love, Miss Amelia, dressmaker, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Love, Charles, plumber, painter, and glazier, Palace street
Love, Mrs. Mary Ann, ticket writer, 2, Alma square, Julian place
Love, William, Queen’s Head, Cowgate street, St. Paul’s
Loveday, George, The Bee Hive, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Lovett, James, grocer, King street, Crook’s place
Lovett and Kidd, fancy repository, Bank street
Lovett, George, carpenter, West End street, Heigham
Lovett, Henry, stationer, toy dealer and general fancy repository, St.
Stephen’s street
Lovick and Co., china, glass, and earthenware merchants, St. Andrew’s
Broad street and Bridewell alley
Lovick and Johnson, woollen drapers and haberdashers, London street
Lovick, Mary Ann, green grocer, Ber street
Lowe, Alfred, baker, Devonshire place, Holl’s lane
Lowe, Frederick, baker, Ber street gates
Lowe, George, baker, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Lowe, Joseph, baker and grocer, Gildengate street
Lowne, James, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Lowne and Shaw, accountants, insurance agents, and agents to the
Provident Clerks’ Life Association, Rampant Horse street
Lowne, Mr. William Charles, (see Lowne and Shaw) Rampant Horse street
Lucas, Brothers, builders and contractors, Norwich, Lowestoft, and
Belvidere road, London
Luckett, Henry, shopkeeper, Pottergate street, St. Giles’
Ludlow, Henry, banker’s clerk, Town close, Newmarket road
Lulham, Edwin Walter, shoe manufacturer, Bethel street
Lusher, Mrs. Deborah, lodging-house keeper, 36, Victoria street, St.
Stephen’s
Lutchford, Henry, manager for Davies and Son, shoe manufacturers, Calvert
street
Mace, Elizabeth, draper, Grapes’ hill
Mace, Gilbert, lucifer match manufacturer, Barrack street, Cowgate street
Mace, James, Swan inn, Swan lane
Mace, Mrs., dressmaker, Lothian street
Mace, Mary Ann, The Grapes tavern, Church street, St. Miles’ Coslany
Mace, Robert, farmer, Distillery street
Mace, Robert, farmer, Upper Heigham street
Mackie, Mrs. Mary Elizabeth, Heigham road
Mackley, George William, gold and silversmith and working jeweller,
Westlegate street
Mackley, John, The Marquis of Granby, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Mackley, John Edward, tailor and draper, Westlegate street
Mackley, Maria, grocer and tea dealer, Pottergate street
Mackley, Richard, dealer in birds, The Original Dun Cow, St. Martin’s
gates
Mackley, Thomas, The Vine Tavern, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Madders, Anthony, accountant, Thorpe hamlet
Madge, Giles, tuner of musical instruments, Botolph street
Madge, Robert Alexander, teacher of music, Pitt street
Main, Mrs. Susan, stay and corset maker, 4, Briggs’ street
Malbon, Benjamin, glass cutter, St. Faith’s lane
Mallett, Charles, machine maker, Fishgate street
Mallett, Charles, tailor (see Mallet Francis and Charles); h Holly
terrace, Unthank’s road
Mallett, Christopher, silk manufacturer, Fishgate street
Mallett, Francis and Charles, tailors and woollen drapers, 2, London
street
Mallett, Frederick, general shopkeeper, St. James’ street
Mallett, Henry, brush manufacturer, Cross lane, St. George’s
Mallett, Joseph Henry, mohair spinner, Lower King street
Malster, Mr. Stephen, Botolph street
Maltman, Janet, dressmaker, St. Benedict’s road
Manby, Mrs. Elmira, Grapes’ hill
Mandell, Robert, Model School yard, Prince’s street
Mann, Cain, Lord Raglan, Pockthorpe
Mann, Charles, tailor, Mount Pleasant
Mann, Rev. John, Wesleyan preacher, Somerleyton street
Mann, Joseph, turner and shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s road
Mann, Joseph, shopkeeper, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Mann, Joseph Matthew, Mischief tavern, St. Paul’s Back lane
Mann, Henry, pork butcher, Elm hill
Mann, Henry, musician, John street, Rose lane
Mann, Samuel, clerk, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Mann, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Manning, George, tool manufacturer, Westlegate street
Manning, Miss M. and C., dressmakers, Wellington street, Union place
Manning, Prentice Squirrell, 2, Robinson’s terrace, Rose lane
Manning, Mr. William, William street
Manser, William, grocer and timber merchant, Thorn lane
Mansfield, James, plumber, glazier, and painter, St. Stephen’s street; h
Brunswick road
Manthorpe, James, butcher, cabinet maker, branch post-office, Lower King
street
Margarson, Mrs. Ann, dressmaker, Alma square, Julian place
Margerson, Mrs. Hannah, stay maker, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Markham, John, hatter and hosier, West Pottergate street
Marner, Mr. William, Distillery street
Marris, John, baker, Golding street, St. Benedict’s road
Harrison, John, beer retailer, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Marrison, Robert, gun maker and ornamental engraver, Great Orford street
Marrison, Samuel Ray, gun maker, Great Orford street
Marsh, Edward, hairdresser, Lower King street
Marshall, Edward, artist, Timberhill st.
Marshall and Goffin, boot and shoe maker, Palace street
Marshall, Joseph, Queen Adelaide, Pitt street
Marshall, Joseph, tailor and woollen draper, Rampant Horse street
Marshall, Peter, shopkeeper, Ber street
Marshall, Robert, baker, Regent street, Crook’s place
Marshall, Robert, baker, Magdalen street
Marshall, Robert, green grocer, Lower Westwick street
Marsham, Edward, carver and gilder, Church alley, St. Stephen’s
Marsham, John, market gardener, Upper Heigham
Marston, Alfred Abraham, currier and leather seller, Timberhill street; h
All Saints’ green
Marston, Richard, confectioner and pastry-cook, 13, Gentlemen’s walk
Martin, Benjamin Abednego, wholesale and export shoe manufactory, and
leather warehouse, St. Gregory’s Church alley; h 4, Earlham road terrace
Martin, George and Richard, boot and shoe manufacturers, St. Gregory’s
Church alley
Martin, Mrs. Rebecca, West Pottergate street
Martin, Robert, furniture broker, Quay side
Martin, Robert Rowland, clerk, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Martin, Robert, sheriff’s officer, St. Peter’s at Mancroft, Market place
Martin, Thomas, decorative artist and heraldic painter, Museum court, St.
Andrew’s
Martin, Thomas L., umbrella and parasol manufacturer, 39, London street
Martin, William, Mariners’ lane
Martineau, Miss Fanny Ann, Bracondale Hall
Martins Josiah, carpenter, &c., Trowse
Martins, Sarah, midwife, St. Martin’s lane
Mase, Henry, grainer (see Pullen, Mase and Furse)
Mason, George, commercial traveller, 20, Distillery street
Mason, Henry, hairdresser, Ber street
Mason, Henry John, auctioneer, appraiser and estate agent, Pottergate
street; h Bethel street
Mason, Henry, Sir John Barleycorn, Orford hill
Mason, John, butcher, Golden Ball street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 23)
Mason, John, plumber, glazier, and painter, Elm terrace, New Catton
Mason, Peter, green grocer, Infirmary road
Mason, Robert, cabinet maker, Alma terrace, Infirmary road
Mason, Robert Staff, Dereham road
Mason, Samuel, basket and sieve maker, Ber street
Mason, Samuel Cutriss, butcher, Norfolk street, Union place
Mason, Miss Sophia, 3, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Mason, Thomas, shoemaker, Long row, Hall road, New Lakenham
Mason, William, White Horse, Magdalen street
Massingham, Arthur, clerk at Gurney’s bank; h Windsor terrace, Grove
road, Lakenham
Massingham, Henry A., clerk at Gurney’s bank; h Sprowston
Massingham, Robert, baker, Bethel street; h Holl’s lane
Master, Alfred, surgeon, Bethel street
Matchett, Rev. Jonathan Chase, minor canon of Norwich cathedral, Lower
close
Matchett and Stevenson, publishers of the _Norfolk Chronicle_, and
printers, bookbinders and stationers, Market place
Matchett, William, Surrey road (see Matchett and Stevenson)
Matthews, George, William the Fourth, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Matthews, John, Tabernacle street, St. Martin’s at Palace
Matthews and Son, botanists, Dereham road
Matthews, Samuel, accoucheur, Dereham road
Matthews, William, Cupid and Bow, and dealer in hay and corn, St.
Martin’s Palace plain
Maxwell, Thomas, The Dolphin, Upper Heigham
May, Eleanor, infant school, St. Mary’s plain
May, James, boot and shoe maker, Upper St. Giles’ street
Maydwell, James, boot maker, Bethel street
Mayfield, James, boot and shoe manufacturer, Oxford street, Unthank’s
road
Mayhew, George, grocer, and furniture broker, Dereham road
Mayhew, James, livery-stable keeper, Hale’s court, Chapel field
Mays, Mrs. Charlotte, day school, Magdalen road
Mays, George, solicitor’s clerk, 3, Grove Place terrace, Grove road
Mayston, Edward, tea dealer, Distillery street
Mc’Ilmorrow, John, draper, Coslany street
Mc’Keown, Henry, travelling draper, St. Lawrence lane
Meadows, Cornelius, earthenware dealer, Magdalen street
Meachen, George, carpenter and builder, Barn road, Heigham
Meachen, John, builder, West Pottergate street
Meachen, Stephen Howlett, builder, &c., William street
Meadows, George, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, Westlegate street
Meadows, Jonathan, coach builder, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s; h St.
Miles’
Meadows, Jonathan, grocer, Coslany street
Mealing and Mills, maltsters and coal merchants, Lower King street
Mealing, Samuel Woodcock, merchant, Ipswich road (see Mealing and Mills)
Mear, The Misses, Chapel loke
Mear, Mr. William, architect, Surrey house, Surrey road
Meek, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Meek, Joseph, chair maker, Charing cross
Meen, Henry Percy, butcher, St. Stephen’s street
Meens, William, tailor, Bartholomew st.
Meers, William, lay clerk, Calvert street
Melton, Frederick, chemist, druggist, &c., St. Benedict’s street
Mendham, Wace Lockett, solicitor, town clerk, 8, St. Andrew’s Broad
street; h Unthank’s road
Menton, Mrs. Mary Ann, King’s Head, Gildengate street
Merris, William, shopkeeper, New Catton
Merry, John, cooper, Pottergate street
Merry, Robert, merchant, Eastern Union wharf; h Earlham road
Merry, Robert John, boot and shoe maker and shopkeeper, King Street gates
Metcalf, Edward J., merchant’s clerk, Somerleyton street
Metcalf, Francis, hot-presser and dyer, Colegate street
Metcalf, John, tobacco-pipe maker, Coslany street
Metcalf, Simon, clothier, St. Benedict’s street
Metcalf, William, estate agent, Cadogan place, Bedford street, Unthank’s
road
Metcalfe, Joseph, chintz glazer, Peacock street
Metteringham, Mr., Hall road, Lakenham
Mickleburgh, John Henry, general clothier, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Mickleburgh, Robert, coal dealer, Nelson street, Upper Heigham
Mickleburgh, Mrs. Phœbe, King street
Mc’Michael, Mr., tea dealer, Valentine street
Middleton, Alfred, carpenter, Trowse
Middleton and Answorth, manufacturers, St. George’s mill, Calvert street
Middleton, George, manufacturer, Calvert street; h The Grove, Ipswich
road
Middleton, George, Wellington place, Grove road
Middleton, James, Hope Tavern, Calvert street
Middleton, James, banker’s clerk, New road, Town close
Middleton, Jeremiah, The Crown, St. George’s Bridge street
Middleton, John, boot and shoe manufacturer, St. Augustine’s street
Middleton, John, King’s Head, Magdalen street
Middleton, John, tobacco manufacturer, Nelson street, Dereham road
Middleton, Mrs. John, Surrey street
Middleton, Mrs. Maria, dressmaker, Bishopgate street
Middleton, Matthew, tea dealer, Oak street
Middleton, Robert, fruiterer, and pork butcher, Cherry street, Lakenham
Middleton, Thomas, beer retailer, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Middleton, Thomas, beer retailer, Albion tavern, Heigham street
Middleton, Thomas, lodging-house keeper, St. Stephen’s gates
Middleton, William, beer retailer, Coslany street
Miles, Charles, chemist and druggist, St. Stephen’s street
Miles, Mrs. Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, 5, Theatre street
Miles, Francis, straw bonnet maker, Magdalen street
Miles, Henry, commercial traveller, 15, Theatre street
Miles, John, shopkeeper, Heigham Causeway
Miles, Stephen, manufacturer, St. Augustine’s street
Miles, Susan, grocer, Oak street
Miles, Mr. William, Dereham road
Millard, Charles William (see Millard and Son); h Prince’s street and
Bradestone
Millard, Mrs. Jane, Lower close
Millard, William S. and Son, land agents and surveyors, Prince’s street
Millard, William S., (see Millard and Son); h Old Catton
Miller, Alfred, baker, St. Stephen’s gates
Miller, Mrs. Amelia, tobacconist, and importer of cigars, 5, London
street
Miller, Arthur Russell, merchant’s clerk, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Miller, Miss Elizabeth, milliner, Westlegate street
Miller, George Mingay, butcher, St. Catherine’s plain, Lakenham
Miller, George Robert, carver, gilder, and cabinet maker, St. Andrew’s
hill; h Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Miller, Henry, registrar of the Guildhall court, Bank chambers, Bank
plain; h Newmarket road
Miller, Henry Blake, clerk to the Board of Health, Bank chambers, Bank
plain; h Ipswich road
Miller, John, solicitor’s clerk, Freeman’s villas, Unthank’s road
Miller, Samuel, bookseller, (see Cundall and Miller)
Miller, Son, and Bugg, solicitors, Bank chambers, Bank plain
Miller, Walter, baker, Upper King street
Miller, Wallace S., Golden Dog lane
Miller, William, green grocer, Heigham street
Miller, William, tailor, Grapes’ hill
Mills, Miss Ann, preparatory school for young gentlemen, Unthank’s road
Mills, Charlotte, glove maker, Golden Ball street
Mills, George Thomas, plasterer, St. Benedict’s street
Mills, Mary Ann, beer retailer, Lower Goat lane
Mills, Mr. Edward, Lakenham terrace, St. Catherine’s plain
Mills, Mr. Jacob, Mount Pleasant
Mills, James, yeast manufacturer, Oak street
Mills, James, coal merchant, brick, tile, pipe, and pottery works, Castle
meadow, and Chalk hill, Thorpe
Mills, James, dyer, Coslany street
Mills, Jeremiah, The Fighting Cocks, Coslany street
Mills, Mr. Robert, Bracondale
Milnes, Charles, manager for Mr. Lloyd, mason, Rose lane; h Castle meadow
Mingay, Frederick, French polisher and furniture broker, Chapel street,
Crook’s place
Mingay, George Nelson, ladies’ London shoe warehouse and fancy
repository, 7, Old Haymarket
Minns, David, butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Minns, Edward, assistant collector to Board of Health, Trory street,
Unthank’s road
Minns and Foyson, builders, Castle meadow
Minns, Isaac, grocer, King street
Minns, Mr. George William, Tombland (see Minns and Foyson)
Minns, Jesse, dresser, St. Clement’s Church alley; h Sussex street, St.
Augustine’s
Minns, John, The Queen’s Arms, Magdalen street
Minns, Robert, master of Doughty’s Hospital, Calvert street
Minns, Robert, beer retailer, Cowgate street
Minns, Robert, brass turner, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Minns, Samuel William, tailor, St. Benedict’s street
Minns, Susanna, The Eagle, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Minns, William, shoemaker, Rising Sun lane
Mitchell and Clarke, solicitors, Toll’s court, Briggs’ street
Mitchell, Frederick, baker, &c., Palace st.
Mitchell, John, (see Mitchell and Clarke); h Wymondham
Mitchell, Robert, basket maker, Pitt street
Mitchell, Mr. Samuel, Unthank’s road
Mitchell, William, travelling draper, 4, Dereham Road terrace
Mitson, James, bricklayer, Pump street
Moll, Christopher, collector of market dues, Castle hill
Moll, George, cab proprietor, St. Giles’ street; h Oxford street,
Unthank’s road
Moll, Richard, furniture broker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Moll, Robert, Black Horse, St. Giles’
Moll, William, draper, (see Gooderson and Moll); h Heigham grove, St.
Giles’ road
Moll, William, jun., at Gooderson and Moll’s, Upper Market
Mollett, Alexander, beer retailer, Colegate street
Mollett, Rizen, coal merchant, Magdalen street
Money, Charlotte Ann, 5, St. Catherine’s terrace
Money, James, grocer, Bethel street
Mousey, James, cooper, Thorn lane
Monument, Miss, St. Stephen’s road
Moon, Robert, green grocer, Waterloo, New Catton
Moore, Abraham, green grocer, Barrack street
Moore and Co., haberdashers and button factors, 81, St. Giles’ street
Moore, Charles, watch and clock maker, Coslany street, St. Mary’s
Moore, Daniel William, The Cock inn, Upper King street
Moore, Elizabeth, beer retailer, Lower Westwick street
Moore, Foster Grand, soda water manufacturer, Colegate street, St.
George’s; h Mount Pleasant
Moore, George, Brazen Doors tavern, Lame Dog road
Moore, Isaac, hairdresser, West Pottergate street
Moore, James, hairdresser, Ber street
Moore, James, green grocer, City road, Heigham fields
Moore, James Brett, chemist, 4, Robinson terrace, Rose lane
Moore, John, Globe tavern, Globe lane
Moore, John George, haberdasher, &c., Pier cottage, Coach and Horses’
road, Union place
Moore, Luke, shoemaker, Upper Heigham
Moore, Mrs. Maria Emily, dressmaker, Coburgh street
Moore, Mary, New City, Crook’s place
Moore, Mrs. Mary Ann, Bento Cottage, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Moore, Robert, market gardener, Bishopgate street
Moore, Mrs. Sarah, milliner, Grapes’ hill
Moore, William, builder, King street
Moore, William, beer retailer, and hairdresser, Ber street
Morgan, Arthur Foster, surgeon, &c., Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ street
Morgan, Edward Charles, stock and share broker, 82, St. Giles’ street
Morgan, Mr. Richard, Newmarket road
Morgan, John B. and Henry, brewers, spirit merchants, and maltsters, King
street
Morgan, Robert Pratt, land agent, (see Pratt, Hornor and Morgan;) h 4,
Newmarket terrace
Morgan, William Robert, pawnbroker, St. Saviour’s lane
Morgan, William Robert, pawnbroker, St. Paul’s
Morris, George, coach and gig manufacturer, Magdalen street; h Catton
road
Morris, John, slate merchant, Lower King street
Morris, Mr. Robert, Point House, Thorpe hamlet
Morris, William, grocer and tea dealer, Bishopgate street
Morrish, Miss Emily, lodging-house keeper, 3, Windsor terrace, Grove road
Morrison and Co., wine, spirit, and ale and porter merchants, opposite
Guildhall
Morse, Rev. Anthony South, curate of St. Mark’s, Lakenham; h Bracondale
Morse, Rev. Charles, M.A., rector of St. Michael’s, and incumbent of St.
Mary’s, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Morse, Joshua, green grocer, Prince’s street
Morse, Miss Mary Ann, Lower close
Morter, Meshach, shopkeeper, Ber street
Morter, Robert, the Norfolk Tavern, grocer and tea dealer, Rupert street,
Union place
Morter, William, boot and shoe maker, Ber street
Mortimer, John Thursby, Lilly tavern, Ber street
Mortimer, John Thursby, Railway and Commercial hotel, 72, St. Giles’
street
Mortimer, Miss, dressmaker, Willow lane
Mortimer, William, shopkeeper, Gildengate street
Moss, Robert, fire-wood dealer, Oak street
Motts, John, butcher, West End street, Heigham
Moughton, John, Waterman’s Arms, St. Ann’s lane, King street
Mounser, William, travelling cutler, Rising Sun lane
Mounsear, William, paper hanger, Pottergate street
Mower, Henry, tailor, West Pottergate street
Moxon, Timothy, book-keeper, Vauxhall street
Moy, Francis, St. Giles’ road
Moy, George, fishmonger, St. Margaret’s Church alley
Moy, James, Tiger inn, Fishgate street
Moy, John, shoe mender, Fishgate street
Moy, William, fishmonger, Cowgate st.
Moy, William, King of Prussia, Ipswich road
Muirhead, Hannah, shopkeeper, Colegate street
Munday, Thomas, shopkeeper, Mill lane, New Catton
Mundy, William, milkman, St. Faith’s lane
Munford, George, Nelson tavern, shopkeeper, Nelson street, Heigham fields
Munford, Samuel, shoemaker, Mount St. Helen, Thorpe hamlet
Multitude, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Cherry street, Lakenham
Muriel, Charles Evans, surgeon, 64, St. Giles’ street
Murnane, John, Bell Commercial and Family Hotel, and wine and spirit
merchant, Orford hill, and Castle hill
Murray, James, tailor, Russell street
Murray, Joseph, carpenter and builder, Prospect place, Lakenham
Murrell, George, Crown Point tavern, Trowse
Murrell, Gibbs H., brick, tile and drainpipe maker, Duke’s Palace; h
Saxlingham
Murrell, Henry Timothy, solicitor’s clerk, Kimberley street, Unthank’s
road
Murrell, James, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, Chapel Field road
Murrell, James, Rose lane
Murrell, Miss Mary Ann, dressmaker, Trowse
Murrell, Owen, iron founder, Brunswick road
Murrell, Owen, tailor, St. Augustine’s
Murrell, Mrs. Sarah, Trowse
Murrell, Mr. William, London terrace, Newmarket road
Murrell, William, iron founder, patent plough and share manufacturer,
Crook’s place; entrance, St. Stephen’s gates
Murrell, William, The Lord Nelson, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Musk, William Faviour, baker, Oak street
Muskett, Mrs. Emily, Thorpe hamlet
Muskett, James, tea dealer, 2, Charles street, Heigham
Muskett, Mrs. Mary, New Catton
Myers, Rev. John, United Methodist Free Church minister, St. Clement’s
hill, New Catton
Myhill, Ann, baker, &c. The Bakers’ Arms, St. Martin’s at Palace
Myston, Samuel, Lower close
Nash, Joseph, cheese and bacon factor, Post Office street
Nash, Robert, general agent, West End street, Holl’s lane, Heigham
Nash, Robert Smith, Norfolk Railway House, Foundry bridge
Nash, William Spooner, paper manufacturer, Lower Westwick street
Neale, James Frederick, grocer and tea dealer, 1, and 2, Hall plain, St.
Andrew’s
Neave, Miss Matilda, 12, Newmarket terrace
Neep, Edward, surgical and mechanical dentist, Post Office street; h
Mount Pleasant
Neeve, Frederick, tallow chandler, grocer and tea dealer, St. Stephen’s
street
Nelson, — coffin maker, Barracks, Pockthorpe
Nelson, William (day school) William street
Nettleton, Mrs. Ann, New road, Town close
Neve, Charles and Jonathan, cabinet makers, Ber Street gates
Neve, Mary Ann, grocer, St. Martin’s gates
Neve, Mrs. Martha, Chapel Field road
Nevill, George, Esq., Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Newbegin, James, and Edward Joseph, manufacturers of tobacco, snuff and
cigars, Bridewell alley and Market place
Newby, John, Valentine street, William street
Newby, James, Horse and Groom, Back of the Inns
Newby, William, William the Fourth, Coburgh street
Newham, John, carpenter and builder, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Newham, Miss Maria, dressmaker, William street
Newhouse, Elizabeth, Maid’s Head Tap, Pig lane, Palace plain
Newhouse, Miss Sarah, milliner, St. Paul’s Back lane
Newland, William, The Factory tavern, St. Martin’s at Palace
Newman, George Frederick, rag merchant, King street
Newman, John, Cherry Tree, birch broom maker, Gildengate street, and Pitt
street
Newman, Henry, grocer and market gardener, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Newman, Henry Richard, baker, Ber st.
Newman, Mrs. Mary, 7, Heigham terrace, Dereham road
Newman, Richard, Saracen’s Head, West Pottergate street
Newman, Robert, painter, Ber street gates
Newman, Samuel, bookseller, stationer, and fancy repository, 7, St.
Giles’ st.
Newman, Mrs. Sarah, The Pigeons, Fishgate street
Newman, William, bricklayer and plasterer, Raglan street, Heigham
Newman, William H., beer retailer, Heigham street
Newson, Mrs. Ellen, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Newson and Co., grocers and tea dealers, Stump cross, Magdalen street
Newson, Samuel, baker, Trowse
Newstead, William, linen draper, &c., 5, Lower Goat lane
Newton, Alfred, fruiterer, Lower Goat lane
Newton, Clement, harness maker, Suffolk street, Union place
Newton, Edward John, land agent and surveyor, Bethel street
Newton, James and Clement, harness makers, Lame Dog road
Newton, William, land agent, and agent for the Royal Exchange Fire and
Life Office, Tombland
Newton, William, fruiterer, Swan lane
Nicholds, Charles, dyer, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Nichols, Edward, attorney’s clerk, Nelson street, Dereham road
Nichols, Edward, brazier, Flower Pot, Oak street
Nichols, Henry, cap manufacturer, Pottergate street
Nichols, William, Curriers’ Arms, Pottergate street
Nichols, William Peter, surgeon, Surrey street
Nicholls, Edward, Distillery inn, Dereham road
Nicholls, Miss Hannah, 3, Chatham place, Chapel Field road
Nicholls, George Valentine, Rose tavern, St. Stephen’s street
Nicholls, John, the Rose, and shop keeper, City road
Nicholls, John, The Old Friends, and bird dealer, Ber street
Nicholls, John, (dining rooms) Market place
Nicholls, Richard, rope and twine maker, 11, City road, New Lakenham
Nickols, Elizabeth, clothes’ dealer, Upper Goat lane
Nickalls, William, tailor, St. Augustine’s
Nickalls, Mr. William, St. John’s terrace
Nicholson, Miss Catherine (boarding and day school) The Chantry
Nightingale, Robert Wilson, grocer and tea dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Nightingale, William Royal, tea and coffee dealer, Pitt street
Ninham, Henry, artist, 12, Chapel Field
Ninham, John, agent, The Cottage, Mousehold
Ninham, William Henry, Prospect House, Philadelphia
Nixon, John Hindson, solicitor, Bracondale
Nobbs, Edward, Perseverance tavern, Oak street
Nobbs, Edward Frederick, coach plater, King street
Nobbs, James, hairdresser, Oak street
Nobbs, James, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street, St. George’s
Nobbs, John, beer retailer, Chapel Field road
Nobbs, Henry, beer retailer, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Nobbs, Robert, green grocer, Heigham street
Nobbs, Samuel, coal dealer, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Noble, Mark, organ builder, Pottergate street
Nockalds, Frederick William, warehouseman, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Nockall, Mrs. Emma, stationer and news agent, 2, Lower Goat lane
Nockall, John, tailor, Elm hill
Nockall, Robert, merchants’ clerk, Golden Dog lane
Nockolds, Hannah, general shopkeeper, Barrack street
Nockolds, Henry, commission agent and rent collector, Fox and Hounds’
court, Ber street
Nockolds, Thomas, beer retailer, Lower King street
Norgate and Co., importers of wines and spirits, and ale and porter
agents; sole agents, for Norwich and Norfolk, for Thorley’s food for
cattle, St. Stephen’s street; h Surrey street (_see Advertisement_, _p._
1)
Norman, Benjamin, printer and bookbinder, Old Haymarket
Norman, Elizabeth Maria, blacksmith, King street
Norman, Emerson, commercial traveller, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Norman, Robert, plumber, painter and glazier, and house agent, 6, York
place, Chapel Field road
Norris, Mrs. James, cabinet manufacturer, Charing cross; h Newmarket road
Norris, Mrs. Lucy, Thorpe hamlet
Norris, Samuel, cabinet maker, Elm hill
North, Samuel, British schoolmaster, Palace street
North, Thomas, shoe maker, Ber street
Norton, Francis James, tailor and hatter, Back of the Inns
Norton, George, boot and shoe maker, St. Stephen’s street
Norton, Henry, joiner and builder, Chapel Field road; h Somerleyton
street
Norton, Henry, carpenter, John street, Union place
Norton, Henry, Rampant Horse, Fishgate street
Norton, Mr. Henry, Unthank’s road
Norton, James, boot and shoe maker, Brazen Doors road
Norton, Mrs. Jane, Bracondale
Norton, John C., Westbourne terrace, Unthank’s road
Norton, Mrs. Maria, The Curriers’ Arms, Union street, Crook’s place
Norton, Mrs. Phœbe, dressmaker, Lower Goat lane
Norton, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, tobacconist and provision
merchant, Fye bridge
Norton, William, carpenter, Upper Heigham
Noverre, Frank, professor of dancing, Theatre square; Dene side, Great
Yarmouth; and the Athenæum, Lynn (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 36)
Noverre, Miss Josephine, professor of singing and the concertina, Theatre
square
Noverre, Miss Sophia, professor of the pianoforte and harp, Theatre
square
Nowack, Edward, tobacconist, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Nudds, William, carpenter and builder, Chatham place, Chapel Field road
Nunn, John, hairdresser and seedsman, St. Augustine’s
Nunn, Jonathan, grocer, &c., Heigham street
Nunn, Mary, beer retailer, Greyhound opening, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Nunn, William, schoolmaster, St. James’ school, Pockthorpe
Nurse, Robert, carver, gilder, and cabinet maker, Castle street
Nursey, Claude L., head master of Government School of Art, St. Andrew’s
Broad street
Oakes, James, dealer in firewood, Botolph street
Oakes, Mrs. E., Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Oakley, Robert, farrier Palace street
Oakley, Simon, clerk, Thorpe hamlet
Orford, James S., surgical and mechanical dentist, Theatre street
Oliver, Elizabeth, Old Music House, Lower King street
Oliver, John, 7, Grove road, Lakenham
Ollett, Matthew, carpenter, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Olley, George, smith, Charles street, Heigham
Olley, William and Co., engineers, Dereham road
Olley, Stephen Benjamin, iron and tin-plate worker, St. Benedict’s street
Onley, William Daniel, The Golden Lion, earthenware merchant, Brazen
Doors road
Ord, William, photographic artist, Westlegate street and Rose lane
Orfeur, John, timber merchant, Fishgate street
Orfeur, Mr. John, Lower close
Orris, George, chemist and druggist, St. James’ street
Orris, Frederick, surgeon, Magdalen street
Orsborn, Robert, Carrow inn, Carrow road
Orsborne, Edward, coal dealer, Quay side
Osborn, Charles, corn merchant, Ber street
Osborn, John, tailor, Little London street; h Wellington place, Grove
road
Osborn, Richard Norman, chair maker, Muspole street
Osborn, William, green grocer and gardener, New Catton
Osborne, Charles, The Anchor, Ten Bell lane
Osborne, Rev. John Francis, New road, Town close
Osborne, Kerrison Samuel, carpenter and joiner, Southwell street,
Lakenham
Osborne, Samuel, clerk of the Savings’ Bank; h Caledonia terrace, Dereham
road
Ostler, Charles Henry, beer retailer, Pump street
Ostler, John, paper hanger, 20, Suffolk street, Heigham
Otty, Philip, printer and bookbinder, Orford hill
Oughton, William, draper, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Overy, Mrs., Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Owen, Thomas, pawnbroker, Colegate street
Owles, Mr. William, Surrey grove, Surrey road
Oxborough, Barrington, shoe manufacturer, Richmond hill
Oxley, Richard, hosier, glover, and shirt maker, 6, London street
Padget, John, coach and cab proprietor, Rampant Horse street
Page, Mr. Edmund, 15, Newmarket road
Page, George and Son, curriers and leather sellers, Magdalen street
Page, George, currier, Magdalen street; h Westbourne terrace, Unthank’s
road
Page, James, upholsterer, Pottergate street
Page, Jeremiah, bricklayer and builder, Rising Sun road
Page, James Calton, wheelwright, Bartholomew street
Page, Joseph, tailor, shirt maker, hosier, and glover, 13, Briggs’ street
Page, Mrs. J. H., dress and mantle maker, 4, Jay’s terrace
Page, Mary, baker, St. John’s Timberhill street
Page, Samuel Deyns and Son, wholesale stationers, printers, paper-bag,
and brush and patten manufacturers, 23, Old Haymarket
Page, Samuel, joiner, West Pottergate street
Paine, Mrs. Mary, lodging house, Elm hill
Pallant, Robert, The Ship, Thorn lane, Ber street
Palmer, Miss Catherine, 8, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Palmer, Edmund, fishmonger, King street
Palmer, Mrs. Elizabeth, Mount Pleasant
Palmer, George, manager of brick and tile works, Duke’s palace
Palmer, John and William, blacksmiths, and mill-bill makers, St.
Augustine’s
Palmer, Jonathan, box manufacturer, Lower Westwick street
Palmer, Philip, hawker, Hall road, Lakenham
Palmer, Richard and James Hardman, wholesale shoe manufacturers,
Manchester buildings, Union place
Palmer, Robert, whitesmith and bell-hanger, St. Saviour’s lane
Palmer, Robert, shoemaker, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Palmer, Sophia, milliner, Ber street
Palmer, Thomas, shopkeeper, Union place
Palmer, Thomas Hitchen, clerk to County Court, Princes street; h Thorpe
Palmer, William, wood carver, St. Lawrence lane
Palmer, William, banker’s clerk, Surrey terrace
Palmer, William, last and boot-tree maker, Timberhill street
Pank, Abraham, gas fitter and bell hanger, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
(_see Advertisement_, _p._ 19)
Pank, James, blacksmith, King street
Parish, James, provision dealer, Mill lane, New Catton
Parfitt, Cornelius, landscape gardener, Sussex street
Parfitt, Mrs. Martha, milliner and dressmaker, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Parke, George, Dereham terrace, Dereham road
Parke, Joseph, Esq., The Villa, Mount Pleasant
Parker, Benjamin, dyer, Twiddy’s court, Ber street
Parker, Clare, sen., bricklayer, Oak street
Parker, Clare, baker, Oak street
Parker, Francis, tailor, Southwell street, Lakenham
Parker, Frederick, grocer and tea dealer, Ber street
Parker, James, draper, &c., St. Catherine’s plain
Parker, Miss Mary, milliner, Bethel street
Parker, Mrs. Mary, Bethel street
Parker, Oliver, tailor, Thorpe hamlet
Parker, Mr. Robert, Brunswick road
Parker, Thomas, fish and manure merchant, St. Stephen’s
Parker, William, tea and coffee merchant, corner of Valentine street,
Dereham road
Parker, William, pill-box manufacturer, Sussex street
Parker, William, inspector, Thorpe station, Thorpe hamlet
Parkerson, Jude, Elephant and Castle, King street
Parkerson, Robert, Bull inn, Bull close
Parkinson, John W., engraver and printer, Globe street, Union place
Parlour, Henry Edward, ironmonger and bell hanger, 15, London street
Parnell, Richard, plasterer, Coachmakers’ Arms, Bethel street
Parnell, William, hairdresser, Oak street
Parr, Caroline, milliner and dressmaker, Ber street
Parr, James, green grocer, King street
Parr, John, baker and confectioner, Upper St. Giles’ street
Parr, Thomas, shopkeeper, Ber street
Parr, William Burrell, 50, Upper St. Giles’
Parr, William Miles, Adelaide street
Parsley, Maria, dressmaker, Grapes’ hill
Parsons, Miss Juliet, straw hat maker, Brazen Doors road
Partridge, John Jonathan Beesouth, furniture broker, Ber street
Pashley, Miss Henrietta, 29, Victoria street
Paston, Benjamin, musician, Till’s court, Ber street
Paston, Caroline, milliner and dressmaker, Grapes’ hill
Paston, Charles, lodging-house keeper, Ber street
Paston, Thomas, plumber, glazier, &c., Magdalen street
Paston, William, Paul Pry tavern, Grapes’ hill
Patman, George, chemist and druggist, Ber street
Patrick, Charles, butcher, St. Margaret’s plain
Patrick, James Fitz, St. Miles’ saw mills, Coslany street
Patteson, Rev. Frederick William, M.A., chaplain of St. Helen’s, St.
Helen’s square
Paul, Richard, ham and beef shop, 12, Bridewell alley
Paul, William Francis, boarding school, Bracondale
Pay, William, commercial traveller, 16, Distillery street
Payne, Miss Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, 64, Bethel street
Payne, John, All Saints’ tavern, All Saints’ green
Payne, Sarah, The Bee Hive, Cowgate street
Payne, Mr. Sturley, surgeon, Duke street
Peacock, James, grocer, Pottergate street
Pearce, Philip, lime burner and whiting manufacturer, The Compasses,
Upper King street
Pearce, Thorne, lucifer match manufacturer, St. Clement’s hill, New
Catton
Pearce, William, beer retailer and marine store dealer, Grapes’ hill
Pearce, William, chair manufacturer, World’s End lane
Pearson, Edward, builder and plasterer, Bank street
Pearson, Miss Harriet, milliner and dressmaker, St. Andrew’s hill
Pearson, James, cutler, and truss maker, St. Andrew’s hill (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 18)
Pearson, John, brazier and tin-plate worker, St. Augustine’s
Pearson, Robert, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Peck, Edward, inspector of police, Dereham road
Peed, Frederick, Golden Can, Gildengate street
Pegg, George, Norwich Arms, Ber street
Pegg, Martha, shopkeeper, Fisher’s lane
Peggs, James Orissa, dispensing chemist, oil and color merchant, Golden
Ball street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 12)
Pellew, Hon. and Rev. George, D.D., (Dean,) The Close
Pellew, Rev. George Israel, M.A., The Parsonage, Lakenham
Penrice, David, surgeon, Tombland
Pentin, James, furniture broker, Chapel Field road
Pentney, Mrs. Mary, Prince’s street
Penton, James, furniture broker, Magdalen street
Pepworth, James, manager at Victoria coal depôt, Brazen Doors road; h
Southwell road, Lakenham
Perfect, Joseph, green grocer and beer retailer, Lower Westwick street
Perowne, James Joseph, manufacturer, 1, William street
Perowne, Rev. John, M.A., Chapel Field grove
Perowne, Joseph John, tailor, Heigham place
Perowne, Robert, clerk, Botolph street
Perowne, Sarah, shopkeeper, Nelson street, Heigham fields
Perry, Mrs. Mary, dressmaker, Bethel street
Perryman, William, boot closer, 4, Charles street, Heigham
Pert, James, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Petch, Hannah, The Horse Barracks, Barrack street
Petch, William, boat builder, Barrack street
Pettingill, Mr. Richard Fabb, Somerleyton street
Pettingill, Mrs. Sarah, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Phill, Ambrose, shoemaker, Willow lane
Phillippo, Mr. Matthias, Newmarket road
Phillips, Miss Elizabeth (boarding and day school) Chatham place, Chapel
Field road
Phillips, Francis, fishmonger, Finket street
Phillips, Mr. Frederick, Garden terrace, Freeman’s villas
Phillips, John, brewer and porter merchant, Eagle and Child brewery,
Golden Ball street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 14)
Phillips, Robert, merchant, White Lion street; h 6, London terrace
Phillips, Mr. Samuel, watch and clock maker, Chatham place, Chapel Field
road
Phillips, William, currier and leather seller, All Saints’ street
Phillips, William, Lord Nelson, Timberhill street
Philo, Joseph, saddler, harness, and whip maker, 44, London street
Pickford and Co., carriers by rail to all parts of the kingdom (Spencer
D. Rudrum, agent) Duke’s Palace wharf
Philpott, Rev. Henry, The Close
Pickers, Alfred Howard, tailor, 34, Bartholomew street
Pigg, Arthur, (see S. Pigg and Sons) Haymarket
Pigg, Edmund, furnishing and general ironmonger, St. Stephen’s street
Pigg, Edward, ironmonger (see Piper and Pigg); h 1, Heigham terrace
Pigg, Mrs. Eliza, milliner and dressmaker, William street, Heigham
Pigg, Frederick, mahogany and deal merchant, St. George’s bridge wharf
Pigg and Greenwood, general furnishing and shop fitting warehouse, 14,
London street
Pigg, Henry, bookseller, stationer, and printer, and sole agent for the
government survey ordnance maps, 7, London street; h 8, Lakenham terrace,
City road
Pigg, Horace, Bracondale
Pigg, James, Cellar House, Pockthorpe
Pigg, John, commercial traveller, Surrey terrace
Pigg, Mr. Joseph, York place, Chapel Field road
Pigg, Robert, (see Pigg and Greenwood) London street
Pigg, Samuel, (see S. Pigg and Sons); h Old Lakenham
Pigg, Samuel and Sons, woollen and Manchester warehousemen, Old Haymarket
Piggin and Dyball, watch and clock makers, opticians, and spectacle
manufacturers, jewellers, and silversmiths, Post Office street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 29)
Piggin, Miss Mary Ann, milliner and dressmaker, Surrey street
Piggott, John Henry, linen draper, hosier, and laceman, St. Stephen’s
street
Pilgrim, Frances, laundress, St. Augustine’s
Pilgrim, John, solicitor, Chapel Field
Pilgrim, Mrs. Mary Ann, dressmaker, Pottergate street
Pinching, William, baker and confectioner, Bethel street
Pinnick, Robert, brick maker and lime burner, Silver road
Pinson, George, governor of castle, Castle hill
Pinson, Henry, ironmonger, Bank plain, (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 39)
Piper, Austin, commercial traveller, All Saints’ green
Piper, John Daniel, ironmonger (see Piper and Pigg); h West parade,
Earlham road
Piper and Pigg, furnishing and general ironmongers, oil and colourmen, 5,
London street
Piper, William, draper and family linen warehouse, London street
Pitcher, Henry, pawnbroker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Pitcher, Thomas, green grocer, and register office for servants, Rose
lane
Pitman, Mrs., Newmarket road
Pitt, John Ballard, surgeon, St. Stephen’s street
Pitts, Robert Christopher, pharmaceutical and family chemist, St. Giles’
street; h Thorpe villa
Plane, Richard, Excise Coffee-house, Lower Goat lane
Plant, James, farmer, Trowse Newton
Platford, William, baker, Heigham street
Platten, Mrs. Mary, Eva Cottages, Magdalen road
Platten, Mrs. Mary, livery stables, Upper Surrey street
Playford, Arminger, bricklayer, and beer retailer, St. George’s Bridge
street
Playford, William, Rising Sun, Buff Coat lane
Pleasents, Benjamin, Calvert street
Plummer and Bloom, builders, &c., Bethel street (_see Advertisement_,
_p._ 21)
Plummer, Mr. Charles Taylor, 12, Nelson terrace, Grove road, Lakenham
Plummer, Miss Elizabeth, teacher of music, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Plummer, Neville, turner, Lower Westwick street
Plummer, Susan (preparatory school) Plummer’s yard, St. Martin’s
Plumsted, Frederick, hairdresser, Magdalen street
Plumsted, Robert, hairdresser and perfumer, Wensum street
Plumstead, Samuel James, cooper, and furniture broker, Coslany street
Plumstead, Samuel, Three Tuns, Coslany street
Plumptre, Mrs. Elizabeth, Lower close
Plunkett, David, marine store dealer, St. Martin’s walls
Plunkett, John, beer retailer, St. Augustine’s
Pointer, Thomas, shopkeeper, Magpie road
Pointer, William, artificial manure manufacturer, Mousehold, Thorpe
hamlet
Poll, David, beer retailer, Bridge street, St. George’s
Poll, John, carpenter, &c., Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Poll, Robert, lime burner, Dereham road
Poll, Samuel, house agent, Magdalen street
Pollard, William, tobacconist, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Pond, James, shoe manufacturer, Barrack yard, St. Miles’
Pond, James, shoemaker, Adelaide street
Pond, Margaret, green grocer, Ber street
Pontifex, Sidney, surveyor, &c., 5, Dereham Road terrace
Poole, Mrs. M., Theatre street
Poole, Mr. Thomas, 5, The Crescent
Pooley, Samuel, cabinet maker, St. John’s street
Pooley, William, cabinetmaker, Charing cross
Pope, Rev. George, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Pope, John, beer retailer, Barrack street
Pope, Robert Waller, merchant, &c., St. Benedict’s street
Pope, Mrs. William, milliner and dressmaker, 23, Bethel street
Pope, William, draper, 23, Bethel street
Porritt, Mr. David, 12, Newmarket road
Porter, James, Bowling Green hotel, Chapel field
Porter, The Misses, Thorpe hamlet
Porter, Robert, pork butcher, Lower King street
Porter, Robert, coal merchant, 2, West End terrace, Grapes’ hill
Porter, Samuel, commercial traveller, 7, Dereham road terrace
Porter, Thomas, Key and Castle, St. Martin’s at Oak
Postle, William, Esq., Chapel field
Potter, Mrs. Ann, Newmarket road
Potter, George, White Horse, Old Haymarket
Potter, Mrs. Harriet, dressmaker, 4, Little London street
Potter, James, manufacturer, 2, Grove Place terrace, Grove road, Lakenham
Potter, Robert, shopkeeper, St. Peter’s Southgate
Potter, Thomas and Co., hatters and furriers, 5, The Walk
Poulter, Mrs. Maria, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Powell, Edward, greengrocer, Chapel Field road
Powell, Mrs. Edward, Bricklayers’ Arms, Union place
Powell, Mrs. Hannah, Theatre street
Powell, John, hairdresser, St. Benedict’s street
Powell, Robert, family linen warehouse, 36, London street
Powell, Sarah, Bricklayers’ Arms, Union place
Powell, Mr., 5, Portland place, Holl’s lane
Powell, William, superphosphate works, Oak street
Powley, Mrs. Catherine, 12, Richmond place, Lakenham
Powley, Mrs. Mary, down boa maker, Golden Dog lane
Powley, Robert, Jolly Farmers, Castle hill
Powley, William, lodging-house keeper, Theatre street
Pratt, Hornor, and Morgan, land agents and surveyors, and agents to the
Norwich Union Fire Office, Queen street
Pratt, James, Cross Keys, Magdalen street
Pratt, John, shoemaker, Coslany street
Pratt, John, Jolly Skinners, Oak street
Pratt, Richard Jeremiah, farrier and horse breaker, Northumberland
street, Heigham
Pratt, Robert, land agent and surveyor, Queen street; h 23, Newmarket
road
Pratt, Thomas, shoemaker, Union place
Pratt, William, farmer, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Pratt, William, watch and clock maker, St. Benedict’s street
Pratt, William, fishmonger, Market place
Pratt, William, wholesale grocer, cheese factor, and tallow chandler,
Wensum street; h Sprowston lodge
Prentice, John Smith, turner, St. Augustine’s street
Prentice, Samuel, saddler and harness maker, Magdalen street
Presents, Philip, bricklayer, Magpie road
Press, Edward, solicitor, commissioner for taking oaths in chancery in
England, commissioner for taking acknowledgments of deeds by married
women, coroner for the county, (Norwich district) clerk to the Trustees
of the Norwich and Watton turnpike roads, and agent to the Norwich Union
Fire office, Tombland
Press, Frederick George, shopkeeper, Philadelphia
Press, Miss Sarah, dressmaker, Rupert street, Union place
Preston, Mr. Arthur, solicitor, Bank plain
Price, John, Palace tavern, Palace street
Price, Joseph, shopkeeper, Coslany street
Price, Samuel Walter, shawl and dress printer, Chatham place, Sussex
street
Priest, George, upholsterer, Coach and Horses road, Union place
Priest, Mr. George, Priest’s buildings, St. Stephen’s road
Priest, George, watch and clock maker, silversmith and jeweller, 3,
Briggs’ street
Priest, Henry Raven, wine merchant, Pottergate street
Priest, Henry, wine and spirit merchant, (see Priest, Pilgrim, and Co.)
1, St. Giles’ street
Priest, Mrs. Henry, boarding school for young gentlemen, Pottergate
street
Priest, Mr. Richard, 78, St. Giles’ street
Priest, Pilgrim, and Co., wine, spirit, and porter merchants, 1, St.
Giles’ street
Priest, Mrs. S., York place, Chapel Field road
Priest, Mr. Thomas, Rampant Horse st.
Priestly, James, manager at Mr. Sparks’ foundry, Scoles’ green
Prior, Robert, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Pritty, William, Half Moon, Dereham road
Proudfoot, Elizabeth and Ann, bakers and grocers, Trowse
Provart, William, agent to Steward, Patteson, Finch, and Co., brewers,
&c., Green hills
Provart, Edgar, sheriffs’ officer, West Pottergate street
Prowne, Mr. James J., William street
Pryse, Miss Sarah, Upper Surrey street
Puxley, Mrs., All Saints’ green
Pulgrave, Mrs. Ann, Hall road, Lakenham
Pulham, William, grocer, tea dealer, and tallow chandler, St. Mary’s
plain
Pulham, William, grocer, Oak street
Pull, Elizabeth Mary, provision dealer, Bull close
Pullen, Mase, and Furse, writers, grainers, and decorative painters, St.
Lawrence lane (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 26)
Pulley, Henry, solicitor, Surrey street
Pulley, Mrs., Surrey street
Pummell, James, baker, Ten Bell lane
Punched, William, bookseller, Bank street
Puncher, William, second-hand bookseller, White Lion street
Purdy, Mrs. Hannah, Hall road, Lakenham
Puxley, James, Marquis of Gransby, Bishopgate street
Pycroft, Mrs. Ann, butcher, 53, St. Stephen’s street
Pycroft, Nathaniel, butcher, Red Lion st.
Pye, Mrs. Ann Rebecca, day school, Alma terrace, St. Augustine’s gates
Pye, Jabez, beer retailer, Queen’s Arms, Pump street
Pye, Robert, Shakespeare, 63, Pottergate street
Pye, William Martin, grocer and tea dealer, St. Augustine’s street
Pye, William, bricklayer, St. Andrew’s hill
Pyle, Miss Harriet, 1, Nelson street, Heigham
Pymar, John, wool and silk merchant, and cotton and yarn agent, Castle
meadow; h Mile End
Quadling, Henry, plumber, glazier, and painter, Lower King street
Quantrill, Robert, shopkeeper, Mousehold
Quantrell, Sarah, general shopkeeper, Chapel street, Union place
Quantrell, William, bricklayer, Leonard’s buildings, Unthank’s road
Quin, James, supervisor of inland revenue, Hall road, New Lakenham
Quintin, Charles St., Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Quintin, Jane St., beer retailer, Barrack street
Quinton, Benjamin, hairdresser, Thorn lane, Ber street
Quinton, Mrs. Elizabeth (preparatory school) Charles street, Heigham
Quinton, Mrs. Hannah, dress maker, Grout’s Thoroughfare, St. John’s
Timberhill
Quinton, John, bookbinder, 36, Pottergate street
Quinton, John, librarian to the Literary Institution, h 18, Victoria
street, St. Stephen’s road
Quinton, Joseph, merchant’s clerk, Newmarket road
Quinton, William Benjamin, commercial traveller, Somerleyton street,
Unthank’s road
Raby, William, green grocer, Fishgate street
Rackham, Mrs. Hannah, lodging-house keeper, Mount Pleasant
Rackham, Mr. James, Calvert street
Rackham, John, Bee Hive, St. Benedict’s street
Rackham, Mr. Matthew, Thorpe hamlet
Rackham, Matthew Robert, solicitor and agent for the Imperial Fire and
Life Office, Surrey street
Rackham, Rev. Matthew John, rector of St. Augustine’s, Sussex street
Rackham and Cook, solicitors, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ street
Rackham, Thomas, relieving officer, Elm hill
Rackham, William, chemist and druggist, Upper Market
Rackham, Mr. William Simon, Unthank’s road
Radford, Mrs. Charlotte, The Chequers, Cowgate street
Radford, William, Black Chequers, Cowgate street
Rainger, George Henry, solicitor’s clerk, St. Giles’ road
Rainger, Mrs., 1, Vauxhall terrace
Ralph, John, boot and shoemaker, King street, Crook’s place
Rainbird, Jonathan, hairdresser, Market place
Rainbird, Samuel, carpenter, Elm hill
Ramm, Robert, Rose tavern, Palace street
Ramm, William, tailor, 6, John street, Rose lane
Ramsey, James, beer retailer and shoemaker, Ber street
Randall, Mr. Henry, St. Benedict’s road
Randall, James, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Randall, Thomas, hairdresser, Union place
Randall, William, Union terrace, Union place
Rand, William Fell, surgeon, Sampson court, Tombland
Randle, William, corn miller, malt, flour, rice, and biscuit dealer, 10,
Upper Market (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 23)
Ranking, William Harcourt, physician, St. Giles’ street
Ransom, Mrs. Susan, Bracondale
Ransome, George, shopkeeper, Bridewell alley
Ransome, Harriet, Berlin wool and fancy repository, 18, The Walk
Ransome, James, watchmaker, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Ransome, Mrs., Hampden place, Dereham road
Rant, Jonathan, Ribs of Beef, Wensum street
Ratcliffe, William, tailor, 18, Distillery street
Rattee, Charles, shopkeeper, Grapes’ hill
Raven, Edward, Queen Anne, St. Miles’ Church street
Raven, Robert, green grocer, Tinkler’s lane
Rawling, Henry, shopkeeper, West Pottergate street
Ray, Mr. John, West End cottages, Chapel Field road
Ray, John Anthony, hairdresser, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Ray, Orlando Dennis, auctioneer, Upper King street (_see Advertisement_,
_p._ 31)
Ray, Robert, Front row, New Lakenham
Raymes, Robert, basket maker, Rupert street, Union place
Rayner, James, butcher, Bartholomew street
Rayner, James, butcher, Nelson terrace, Dereham road
Rayner, John, solicitor’s clerk, St. Catherine’s plain
Raynes, Mr. Michael James, St. Giles’ road
Rayson, Mrs. Ann, St. Catherine’s plain
Read, Charles, bricklayer, Globe street, Union place; h Somerleyton
street
Read, Charles Thomas, bookbinder, Graham’s court, Upper market
Read, Charles Thomas, grocer, Eaton Cottage, Unthank’s road
Read, Mrs. Charlotte, dressmaker, 23, Alma square, Julian place
Read, George, plumber, glazier, and painter, Bartholomew street
Read, Gurney, coal merchant, Badding lane, Quay side
Read, James, joiner and builder, Prince’s street
Read, Joseph John, painter, Union cottages, Julian street
Read, Randall, miller, Magdalen street
Read, Robert, coal agent for E. C. Compy., Lower close
Read, Thomas William and Co., corn millers, maltsters, and coal
merchants, Trowse mills, and Cannon wharf, King street
Read, Mr. Trivett, Newmarket road
Read, William Dring, grocer and wine merchant, Orford hill
Read, William, coal merchant, Elm hill
Redgrave, Joseph, corn merchant and maltster, St. Miles’ Church street; h
The Close
Redgrave, The Misses, ladies’ school, The Priory, St. Stephen’s
Redgment, Kirby, butcher, Rupert street, Union place
Reeder, William, toll collector, Carrow gate
Reeve, Alfred, merchant’s clerk, 6, John street
Reeve, Charles, confectioner, Upper Westwick street
Reeve, Edward, whitesmith, Gildengate street
Reeve, Edward, whitesmith, Duke street
Reeve, Miss Eliza Susanna, day school, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Reeve, Frederick, carpenter, &c., Lower Westwick street
Reeve, James, dyer, Duke street
Reeve, Horace, pianoforte tunist, Calvert street
Reeve, Louisa, milliner, Lower Westwick street
Reeve, Mr. Richard, Unthank’s road
Reeve, Simms, barrister, 18, St. Giles’ street
Reid, John Cowan, draper and tea dealer, Douro terrace, Heigham grove,
St. Giles’ road
Reid, Samuel, linen and woollen draper, and silk mercer, St. Andrew’s
Hall plain
Restieaux, Joseph, registrar of marriages, and agent for the Law Union
Life and Fire office, Lady’s lane
Reynolds, Mr. Edward, Tamworth terrace, Unthank’s road
Reynolds, Edward, manure manufacturer, Pockthorpe hamlet; h Unthank’s
road
Reynolds, Edward and Compy., St. Ann’s oil mills, King street
Reynolds, Mrs. Jemima, day school, Saw Mill yard, Coslany street
Reynolds, Joseph James, general shopkeeper, Rupert street, Union place
Reynolds, Mr. Josiah, miller and farmer, Philadelphia
Reynolds, Laban, shoemaker, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Reynolds, Lorenzo, shoe manufacturer, Alder’s buildings, St. Catherine’s
plain
Reynolds, William, butcher, Ber street
Reynolds, William, nurseryman and seedsman, Hall road, Lakenham
Reynoldson, Mrs. Mary Lavender, lodging-house keeper, St. Lawrence lane
Rice, James, Free Trade tavern, William street
Rice, Joseph, telegraph clerk, John street, Rose lane
Rice, William Herbert, teacher of music, Somerleyton street
Richards, Rev. John, Magdalen road, New Catton
Richardson, James, wheelwright, Timberhill street
Richardson, Samuel, schoolmaster at City gaol; h Fox and Hounds’ court,
Ber street
Richardson, Thomas Joseph, banker’s clerk, 1, Oxford street, Unthank’s
rd.
Richardson, William, tailor, 21, Bartholomew street
Riches, Mrs. Ann, lodging-house keeper, Brunswick road
Riches, Edward, hairdresser, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Riches, Eliza, grocer, Church street, St. Julian’s
Riches, Miss Frances, Infirmary road
Riches, Mrs. Hannah, St. Saviour’s lane
Riches, Henry, Golden Lion, St. John’s Maddermarket
Riches, Henry, hairdresser, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Riches, Henry C., tailor, Castle meadow
Riches, John, Three Kings tavern, St. Benedict’s street
Riches, Lucy, milliner and dressmaker, Queen street
Riches, Robert, hairdresser and tobacconist, Timberhill street
Riches, Simon, Ship inn, St. Peter’s Southgate
Riches and Skoyles, tailors and outfitters, Davey place
Riches, Miss Susannah, straw hat maker, Queen street
Riches, Thomas, Earl of Leicester arms, Dereham road
Riches, Thomas, beer retailer, Pump street
Riches, Thomas, tailor, 32, Victoria street
Riches, Mr. Thomas, 7, Richmond place, Lakenham
Riches, Thomas, tailor, Grapes’ hill
Riches, William, wheelwright and blacksmith, Barn road
Riches, William, wheelwright, Charles street, Heigham
Rider, Samuel, tailor, &c., St. Margaret’s Church alley
Rigg, Rev. Richard, M.A., rector of St. Clement’s and St. Michael’s
Coslany, Bethel street
Riley, Francis, Waggon and Horses, Tombland
Ringer, Mrs. Elizabeth, Paragon street
Ringer, Mrs. Susanna, St. Catherine’s plain
Ringer, William, Berlin wool and fancy repository, 7, The Walk; h
Tharston
Riseborough, Elizabeth Francis, Point House cottage, Ipswich road
Rivett, Francis, warehouseman, &c., Old Post Office court; h Richmond
Hill house, Ber street gates
Rivett, John, Two Quarts, Bridge street, St. George’s
Rivett and Harmer, wholesale clothiers, and Manchester warehousemen, Old
Post Office court
Rix, Charles Edward, grocer, Dereham road
Rix, George, temperance house, Golden Ball street
Rix, Henry, wholesale brush manufacturer, 53, Duke street
Rix, Mrs. Mary, Thorpe hamlet
Rix, Robert, King’s Head, Upper St. Giles’ street
Rix, William, White Horse, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Rix, William, draper, Pump street
Rix, William, Black Horse, Finket st.
Roach, Edward, rent collector and accountant, Southwell road
Robberds, Charles Leicester, paper manufacturer, (see Robberds and Money)
Lyng
Robberds, John Mann, solicitor, Ber Street gates
Robberds and Money, paper manufacturers and millers, Lyng mills; office,
Chapel Field road
Roberts, Henry, medical botanist, Rising Sun road
Roberts, James, shoemaker, Timberhill street
Roberts, Mr. Joseph, Holl’s lane
Roberts, Mrs. Susan, Thorpe hamlet
Roberts, William Peter, tailor, Chapel loke, Surrey road
Robertson, Henry, upholsterer and cabinet maker, Grove road, Lakenham
Robbins, Mrs. Ann, 3, York place, Chapel Field road
Robbins, Mrs., straw bonnet maker, West Pottergate street
Robins, George, clerk, 2, Trafalgar place, Dereham road
Robinson, Christopher, carver and gilder, Pottergate street
Robinson, Mr. George, Chapel field
Robinson, James, horse dealer, 5, Victoria street
Robinson, John, cork manufacturers, Cork Cutters’ Arms, Bridge street,
St. George’s
Robinson, Mrs. Mary, Chapel Field road
Robinson, Thomas, green grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Robinson, Mr. William Henry, St. Faith’s lane
Robison, Mr. Charles Morley, Pitt street
Robison, John (of the firm of Grout and Co.) Unthank’s road
Roe, Mr. Bartholomew, St. Paul’s Back lane
Roe, Charlotte, Queen Victoria, Pottergate street
Roe, Isaac, chimney sweeper, Magdalen street
Roe, John, cabinet maker, Ber street
Roe, John C., merchant, St. George’s plain
Roe, Samuel, tailor and shopkeeper, Distillery street
Roe, Sarah, Bank street
Rogers, Charles, tailor, 47, Bethel street
Rogers, Edmund Dawson, reporter for the _Norfolk News_, West parade,
Earlham road
Rogers and Havers, photographic artists and dealers in photographic
materials, Davey place
Rogers, Mr. Henry, Thorpe hamlet
Rogers, John, blacksmith, Muspole street
Rogers, Joseph, clerk, 27, Victoria street
Rogers and Page, wholesale brush and clog manufacturers, Wensum street
Rogers, Samuel, shoe manufacturer, Gun lane
Rolfe, Mrs. Harriet, Lower close
Roll, Robert, Globe inn, Globe street, Union place
Roll, Robert, Dove tavern, Muspole street
Rolling, Edmund, carpenter, Grove hill, St. Giles’ road
Rolls, Edward, bricklayer, Holl’s lane
Roofe, Ann, baker, Thorpe hamlet
Root, Christiana, Boy and Cup, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Root, Robert, carver and gilder, Golden Dog lane
Rope, Charles, whitesmith, Surrey street
Rope, Robert William, wharfinger, St. Benedict’s street
Rope, William, green grocer, Rising Sun lane
Roper, Agnes, dressmaker, Ten Bell lane
Rose, George, cork manufacturer, 68, St. Stephen’s street
Rose, James, beer retailer, King street
Rose, John, general dealer, 5, Golden Ball street
Rose, Philip, baker, Coslany street
Rose, Mr. Philip William, St. Giles’ road
Rose, Robert, Hotpressers’ Arms, Coslany street
Rose, Mrs. Sarah, fancy repository, Castle street
Rose, Thomas, baker and confectioner, St. Benedict’s street
Rose, William, Red Lion, Magdalen street
Rose, William, brazier and tin-plate worker, Gildengate street
Ross, Rev. John, M.A., Thorpe hamlet
Ross, Mrs. Priscilla Sarah, 4, Vauxhall terrace, Julian place
Rossi, George, watch and clock maker, silversmith, and jeweller, Market
place; h Eaton
Roulston, Mr. Thomas, 10, Richmond Place, Lakenham
Roundtree, Charles, fishmonger, Crow’s yard, Westwick street
Roundtree, Charles, fishmonger, Barrack street
Rouse, Harriet, grocer and tea dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Rouse, James, horse clipper, &c., Currier’s Arms, St. Giles’ street
Rouse, Richard, hawker, Globe lane
Rout, George, grocer, Cowgate street
Row and Bridges’ chemists, &c., St. Stephen’s street
Row and Co., manufacturing chemists, Surrey grove
Rowland, Daniel, The Raven, King st.
Royall, Daniel, tailor, Upper King street
Royall, Mr. Daniel, Palace street
Royall, James, shopkeeper, Elm hill
Ruburt, Justus, secondhand boot and shoe seller, Lower Westwick street
Rudd, Edward F. G., accountant, 10, St. Stephen’s square
Rudd, Elizabeth, The Little Buck, Oak street
Rudd, Francis Robert, tailor, 4, St. Julian street’s
Rudd, George John, tailor, Surrey street
Rudd, Mrs. Hannah, box maker, St. Stephen’s Back street
Rudd, Henry, professor of music, Duke street
Rudd, James, grocer, St. Catherine’s plain
Rudd, John, turner, Thorn lane, Ber street
Rudd, John, chemist, St. George’s plain
Rudd, Joseph, currier, &c., (see Rudd and Paston) Grapes’ hill
Rudd, Mary Ann, dressmaker, Calvert street
Rudd, Noah, butcher, Duke street
Rudd and Paston, curriers, Grapes’ hill
Rudd, Robert, grocer, Coslany street, St. Miles’
Rudd, Thomas, furniture broker, cabinet and chair maker, Ber street
Rudd, William, turner, Ber street
Rudling, James, coach builder, Palace street
Rudling, William, butcher, Ber street
Ruddock, Thomas, post office clerk, 48, Pottergate street
Rudrum, Christopher, butcher, Lower King street
Rudrum, Isaac Samuel, beer retailer, Pottergate street
Rudrum, Spencer Drake, inspector of weights, St. Faith’s terrace
Rumball, John George, news agent, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Rumbold, John, grocer, Grapes’ inn, Howard street, Lakenham
Rump, Mr. James, 33, Victoria street
Rump, John, hosier, haberdasher, and fancy repository, 8, Old Haymarket
Rump, Robert and James, builders and contractors, Colegate street
Rump, Thomas, grocer, Golden Ball street
Runacres, William, solicitor’s clerk, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Rushbrook, Robert, shopkeeper, St. Julian’s street
Russell, Benjamin, watchmaker, Magdalen street
Russell, George Robert, bricklayer and plasterer, Southwell street
Russell, Henry, piano-forte manufacturer, Magdalen street
Russell, William, baker, 16, Row, Old Church street, Lakenham
Rust, James Barrow, tailor and draper, Bethel street
Rust, Mrs. Hannah, hosier, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Rust, Rev. Cyprian Thomas, L.L.B., 12, The Crescent, Chapel Field road
Rust, Joseph, wood turner, Charing cross
Rust, Robert, Elm tavern, Prince’s street
Rust, Samuel, wood turner, Bee Hive yard, St. Benedict’s
Rutherford, Walter, schoolmaster, Nelson street, Heigham fields
Sacret, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Sadd, Mr. William, Coslany street
Sadd, David, grocer and draper, Gloucester place, St. Catherine’s plain
Sadd, William, solicitor, Theatre street; h 1, Heigham road
Sadler, James, sen., horse-hair manufacturer, Oak street
Sadler, James, jun., horse hair manufacturer, Oak street
Sadler, John, Roebuck, Church Walk, New Lakenham
Saint, Samuel, mathematician, John street, Heigham
Sainty, Mary, lodging-house keeper, Bethel street
Salkind, Simon, travelling jeweller, Gildengate street
Salmons, John, green grocer, Lower King street
Salmon, John, Nelson tavern, and tailor, West Pottergate street
Salmon, Thomas, tailor, Rupert street, Union place
Salter, William, Mitre tavern, Briggs’ street and Rampant Horse street
Sampson, H., boot and shoe maker, Charles street, Heigham
Sampson, William, boot and shoe maker, 24, Bethel street
Samuel, Mrs. Emma, pawnbroker (see Joseph and Samuel)
Sandell, Edward Harrison, The Cinder Ovens, King street gates
Sanderson, Ann, tobacconist, Magdalen street
Sands, Anthony, artist, Grapes’ hill
Sands, John, Free Masons’ Arms, Southwell street, Lakenham
Sapey, John, lodging-house keeper, St. Stephen’s Church lane
Sapey, Thomas, London Coffee House, Rampant Horse street
Saul, Miss Elizabeth, Grapes’ hill
Saul and Frazer, city saw mills, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Saul, John, Windmill, Ber street
Saul, Joseph, box manufacturer, West Pottergate street
Saul, Sarah Ann, lodging-house keeper, Surrey road, St. Michael at Thorn
Saul, William Staff, timber merchant, 61, and 62, Pottergate street
Saunders, Mr. James, 4, York place, Chapel Field road
Saunders, Mrs. Julia, tailoress, Grout’s thoroughfare
Savage, Mrs. Mary, butcher, Cowgate street
Savage, Robert, butcher, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Savary, David, green grocer, Rupert street, Wellington street, Union
place
Sawford, Ann Maria, milliner and dress maker, Cow hill, St. Giles’
Sawyer and Co., cutlers, opticians, and dealers in photographic goods,
42, London street
Sawyer, John (see Sawyer and Co.) Chapel field
Say, Mrs. Sarah, plumber, painter, and glazier, 14, St. Giles’ street
Sayer, Benjamin, Heart’s Ease, Thorpe hamlet
Sayer, Daniel, brick and tile maker, Oak street
Sayer, Daniel, veterinary surgeon, Pottergate street
Sayer, John, bird and animal preserver, Upper St. Giles’ street
Sayer, The Misses (boarding school) New road, Town close
Sayer, The Misses Ann and Charlotte, West Pottergate street
Sayer, Richard Henry, draper, Unthank’s road
Sayer, William, currier and leather seller, Upper Westwick street
Scales, Jeremiah, timber dealer, Chapel Field road, and Oxford street,
Unthank’s road (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 30)
Scales, Mary Ann, Trafalgar tavern, Trafalgar street
Scarles, Charles, solicitor’s clerk, 9, Heigham terrace, Dereham road
Scarlett, Robert, Surrey tavern, Surrey road
Scofield, Susan, straw bonnet and dress maker, 52, Upper St. Giles’
street
Scott, Benjamin, cooper, Chapel Field road
Scott, Mr., commercial traveller, Heigham road
Scott, Charles Turner, sofa, couch, chair, and mattress manufacturer,
Gildengate street
Scott, Miss Eliza, dressmaker, 6, Crescent place, Chapel Field road
Scott, Mrs. Elizabeth, St. Giles’ terrace
Scott, Mrs. Emily, furniture broker, Charing cross
Scott, Francis, tailor and clothes’ cleaner, Magdalen street
Scott, George James, furniture broker, 9, Timberhill street
Scott, James, cutler, &c., register office, St. Andrew’s hill, corner of
London street
Scott, John, professor of languages, Bank street
Scott, John Turtle, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Scott, John, grocer and boot maker, Ber street gates
Scott, Levi, wheelwright, Brunswick road
Scott, Peter Thomas, brush and patten maker, White Lion street
Scott, Mr. Robert, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Scott, Robert Bagg, cabinet maker and upholsterer, 18, Charing cross and
St. John’s street; h St. Andrew’s Broad street
Scott, Rev. Thomas, Baptist minister, Grove house, Thorpe hamlet
Scott, William, draper, &c., St. Stephen’s street
Scott, William, grocer, &c., Magdalen gates
Scott, William, wholesale and retail lead and window glass dealer,
plumber, glazier, and painter, Bedford street; h Pottergate street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 40)
Scott, Mr. William, Hall road, Lakenham
Scott, William John, furniture and mangle warehouse, Bridge street, St.
George’s
Scotter, Henry, 5, Charles street, Heigham
Scotton, Mary, confectioner, 2, Red Lion street
Scowen, John, Saracen’s Head, St. Giles’ street
Scrutton, Henry, grocer, Bethel street
Seager, Elizabeth and Son, glovers and hair dressers, St. John’s street
Seager, Robert, hairdresser, Castle meadow
Seaman, Coriolanus, furniture broker, St. James’ street
Seaman, David, horse dealer, Chapel Field road
Seaman, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Palace street
Seaman, Mr. George, Caledonia terrace, Dereham road
Seaman, Grimmer and Co., importers of foreign wines and spirits, and sole
agents for Truman, Hanbury and Co.’s London stout porter, St. John’s
Maddermarket
Seaman, Henry, grocer and draper, Old Church path, New Lakenham
Seaman, Mrs. Martha, beer retailer, St. James’ street
Seaman, Martha (day school) West End street, Holl’s lane, Heigham
Seaman, Richard, grocer and tea dealer, Gildengate street
Seaman, Robert, Esq., Bracondale
Seaman, Samuel, fishmonger, Bull close
Seaman, Walter, woodman, Waterloo place, New Catton
Searby, Wright, and William Martin, dispensing and family chemists, White
Lion street
Searles, George, engraver, Trory street, Unthank’s road (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 30)
Secker, Mr. John, Sussex street
Sedgwick, Rev. Professor, Lower close
Sedgwick, Rev. Richard, Lower close
Seed, Henry, woolstapler, Muspole street; h Eaton Hill House
Seeley, Elizabeth and Hannah (commercial boarding house) St. Stephen’s
plain
Seeley, William, station master at Victoria station, St. Stephen’s
Seeley, John, beer retailer, and musician, St. Augustine’s street
Seeley, William, pork butcher, Pottergate street
Seeley, William, Priest’s buildings, St. Stephen’s road
Seer, William George, shoemaker, Botolph street
Selby, Charles James, grocer, Pitt street
Self, James, The Duke of Wellington, St. Stephen’s street
Self, Mrs. Mary, butcher, Tombland
Self, Thomas, gas fitter, painter, &c., Tombland
Self, Thomas, beer retailer, Red Lion street
Self, Thomas, grocer, &c., Oak street
Self, Thomas, gas fitter and bell hanger, Pottergate street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 20)
Seppings, William, grocer, West End street, Heigham
Severn and Blackwell, dressmakers, Botolph street
Severn, James, shoemaker, Calvert street
Severn, Samuel, St. Paul’s tavern, Cowgate street, St. Paul’s
Sexton, Edward, Whalebone inn, and maltster and brewer, New Catton
Sexton, Horace, bricklayer and plasterer, Lower Westwick street
Sexton, John, pig dealer, St. Catherine’s plain, Lakenham
Sexton, John, grocer, &c., Scoles’ green
Sexton, Joseph, dyer and dresser, Calvert street
Sexton, Robert William, plasterer, Calvert street
Shalders, Albert, Cadogan place, Cross street, Unthank’s road
Shalders, Mrs. Charlotte, milliner, Bethel street
Shalders, Edward, grocer, St. Benedict’s street, St. Lawrence
Shalders, John, hydraulic engineer, and gutta percha depôt, Bank plain
(_see Advertisement_, _p._ 17)
Shalders, Mr. John, Bethel street
Shalders, Noah, pawnbroker, silversmith, and jeweller, Westlegate street
Shalders, Thomas, blacksmith, Hay hill, Market place
Sharman, Mr. Henry, Green hills, Aylsham road
Sharman, Miss Rachel, dressmaker, Eldon row, Chapel Field road
Sharon, Anthony, engineer and machinist, Pottergate street
Sharon, Mrs. Rebecca, dressmaker, 37, Pottergate street
Sharp, Daniel, solicitor, Surrey street; h 7, Lakenham terrace, City road
Sharp, Frederick, solicitor’s clerk, Surrey place, Lakenham
Sharp, Mrs. Leonora, lodging-house keeper, Chapel Field road
Sharpe, Benjamin Thomas, solicitor, manager of the Norwich and East of
England Permanent Mutual Benefit Building Society, and agent to the Star
and British Empire Life, Manchester and General Fire, and County
Hailstorm Insurance Compys., York house, Chapel Field road
Sharpe, Henry, tailor, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Sharpe, Rev. William Robert, M.A., 8, Chapel field
Shaw, Miss Elizabeth, dressmaker, Douro terrace, Heigham grove, St.
Giles’ road
Shaw, William, banker’s clerk, Grapes’ hill
Shearing, Miss Sophia, baby linen establishment, Rampant Horse street
Sheedy, Mrs., Rachel, Rosary, Thorpe hamlet
Shenfield, Mrs., Upper St. Giles’
Shephard, Isaac, cooper and measure maker, Magdalen street
Shephard, William, shoemaker, Mill lane, New Catton
Sheppard, Mrs. Ann, ladies’ boarding school, St. Benedict’s plain
Sheppard, Elizabeth, baker, Upper market
Sheppard, Robert, hop and seed merchant, Weston’s court, Upper market; h
St. Benedict’s plain, Pottergate street
Sheward, William, pawnbroker, Lower King street
Shibley, William, house and land agent, York terrace, Chapel Field road
Shickle, Mrs. Ann, 15, The Crescent
Shickle, Robert, Greyhound Gardens, Ber street
Shields, Daniel, hoop and rim manufacturer, Prospect square, Scoles’
green
Shields, Joseph William, accountant, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Shields, William, tallow chandler, St. Stephen’s Church alley
Shildrake, Thomas, banker’s clerk, Bracondale
Shildrake, William, watch and clock maker, silversmith and jeweller, 34,
London street
Shires, James, gun-flint cutter, Alma terrace, St. Augustine’s road
Shirley, Mr. Thomas, 6, Surrey terrace, Lakenham
Short, Edmund Barker, (at Grout and Co.’s) 3, Dereham Road terrace
Short, Henry, wine and dry cooper, Middle street, St. George’s
Short, John Edmund, cashier at Grout and Co.’s, 8, Dereham road terrace
Short, Mrs., milliner and dressmaker, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Short, Mrs., 2, Dereham Road terrace
Short, Miss Mary, milliner and dressmaker, 4, Gildengate street
Shorten, James, fly proprietor, Bull inn, Magdalen street
Shorting, Mrs. Mary, Chapel field
Shreeve, George, baker and grocer, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Shreeve, John, shoeing smith, Magdalen street
Sibel, Mrs. Averill, Pottergate street
Sibley, Mrs. Rudd, milliner, &c., Fisher’s lane
Sidney and Armes, curriers and leather cutters, 5, Dove street
Sidney and Ladyman, wholesale tea dealers, 6, Gentleman’s walk, and 8,
Ludgate hill, London
Sidney, Thomas, (see Sidney and Ladyman); h Bow’s manor, London
Sillett, Mr. James B., All Saints’ green
Silvey, William, confectioner, White Lion street
Simpson, Charles, wood turner, St. Lawrence lane; h Charing cross
Simpson, Mr. Frederic, York villa, Chapel Field road
Simpson, Mrs. Frederick, Mount Pleasant, Newmarket road
Simpson, George, master of the Great Hospital, St. Helen’s square
Simpson, George Elward, solicitor, clerk to the Visiting Justices of the
Castle, at Norwich, and agent to the London Fire and European Life
offices, &c., Tombland
Simpson, Matthias, wood turner, Bear and Staff yard, Fisher’s lane
Simpson, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, Magdalen street
Simpson, Thomas, butcher, Charles street, Heigham
Singleton, Mrs. J., 13, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Sinkler, John, builder, Magdalen street
Sissen, Miss Louisa, dressmaker, Rose lane
Sizeland, Adam, Bethel street
Skelton, John Smith, tailor and woollen draper, 16, St. Giles’ street
Skelton, Joseph, dyer, Gildengate street
Skelton, John, manufacturer, Fishgate street; h Palace plain
Skerritt, George, baker, Upper Regent street, Union place
Skillings, William, shoemaker, St. George’s plain
Skipper, Henry, confectioner, and register office for servants, Magdalen
street
Skipper, John, solicitor, and secretary to the Equitable Fire Office,
Bank street; h Thorpe hamlet (see Skipper and Son)
Skipper, Mrs. Rachel, dressmaker, Surrey road
Skipper and Son, solicitors, Bank street
Skipper, Mr. William, (see Skipper and Son); h Thorpe hamlet
Skippon, James, jun., clerk to Commissioners of Income Tax, schedule E;
agent for the Lancashire Insurance Compy.; secretary to Norwich and
Norfolk Angler’s Society; 3, St. Faith’s terrace, St. Faith’s lane
Skippon, William, the Locomotive tavern, Rupert street, Union place
Skoyles, C. (see Riches and Skoyles); h Castle meadow
Skoyles, William, furniture broker, St. Benedict’s street
Skoyles, Samuel, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Slack, Mrs. Elizabeth (day school) Grove place, New Lakenham
Slack, Jacob Henry, engineer, &c., Grapes’ hill
Slack, Robert Hugh, machinist, Cow hill, St. Giles’
Slade and Rapier, homœopathic chemists, 7, London street
Slater, John, bookseller, Castle hill
Slater, Joseph, tailor and woollen draper, Tombland
Slaughter, Christopher, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Slipper, Charles, carpenter, and toy maker, Pig lane
Slipper, Elizabeth, green grocer, Grove place, New Lakenham
Slonitz, Leopold, professor of languages, 26, Bethel street
Sloper, John, Lame Dog tavern, Lame Dog road
Sloper, John, fruiterer, Queen street
Smith, Alfred, shopkeeper, Fishgate street
Smith, Benjamin, Cattle Market inn, and horse and gig letter, Cattle
Market
Smith, Benjamin, furniture broker, Upper Westwick street
Smith, Mr. Charles, City road, Lakenham
Smith, Mr. David, Catton road
Smith, Edward, chemist and druggist, Calvert street
Smith, Edward, Waterloo tavern, and wine and spirit merchant, Market
place
Smith, Edward, market gardener, Dereham road
Smith, Mrs. Elizabeth, The Coach and Horses, Union place
Smith, George, coach maker, 3, St. Stephen’s square
Smith, George, Greyhound, Rampant Horse street
Smith, Mrs. George William, St. Giles’ street
Smith, George, linen draper, hosier, &c., 10, Ber street
Smith, George, clerk, 22, Paragon street
Smith, George Lincoln, merchant’s clerk, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Smith, Miss Helena, Nelson terrace, Grove road
Smith, Henry, shoemaker, and shopkeeper, Ber street
Smith, Henry George, Victoria tavern, Adelaide street, Heigham fields
Smith, Henry, grocer, King street, Crook’s place
Smith, James, dealer, Prospect place, Aylsham road
Smith, Mr. James, 24, Newmarket road
Smith, James, shopkeeper, Botolph st.
Smith, James Wilkin, baker, Stump cross, Magdalen street
Smith, John, yeast manufacturer, St. Augustine’s street
Smith, Mr. John, West End terrace, Earlham road
Smith, John, Bear and Staff, Fisher’s lane
Smith, John, tea dealer, and Birmingham and Staffordshire warehouse,
Timberhill street
Smith, John, cheese factor, Stamp Office yard, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Smith, John Joseph, baker and confectioner, Ber street
Smith, John and Samuel, cigar, snuff, and tobacco warehouse, 7,
Gentleman’s Walk
Smith, John Watson, Rose tavern, Upper King street, and Rose lane
Smith, John William, baker and confectioner, Dove street
Smith, Jonas, pork butcher, Rising Sun lane
Smith, Mrs. Joseph, Paragon street
Smith, Joseph, King’s Arms, and boat builder and bath house, Oak street,
St. Martin’s gates
Smith, Joseph De Carle, Magdalen street (see Smith and Sons)
Smith, Miss Lydia, shopkeeper, Botolph street
Smith, Mrs., 9, Surrey terrace, Lakenham
Smith, Miss Mary, 4, Langham place, Dereham road
Smith, Mary Ann, milliner and dress maker, Rigby’s court, St. Giles’
Smith, Mrs. Neave, Priest’s buildings, St. Stephen’s road
Smith, Richard Buck (see Smith and Sons); h Market place
Smith and Sons, dispensing and family chemists, Market place, and
Magdalen street
Smith, Samuel E., carpenter, &c., City road, Lakenham
Smith, Samuel James, draper, Magdalen street
Smith, Samuel Howard, working jeweller, Royal Hotel street, Back of the
Inns; h St. Benedict’s road
Smith, Samuel, jobbing smith, St. Martin’s gates
Smith, Samuel, fowl dealer, Scoles’ green
Smith, Mrs. Sarah, glover, Magdalen street
Smith, Mrs. Susan, 11, St. Stephen’s square
Smith, Mr. Thomas, Hall road, Lakenham
Smith, Thomas, umbrella and parasol maker, St. Benedict’s street
Smith, William, cattle dealer, Newman’s yard, Ber street
Smith, William, haberdasher and general warehouseman, 11, Lower Goat lane
Smith, William, shoemaker, Chapel loke
Smith, William, fowl dealer, Coburgh street
Smith, William, veterinary surgeon, Pottergate street
Smith, Mr. William L., Mount Pleasant
Smith, William, nursery and seedsman, Nelson Cottage, Nelson st., Heigham
Smith, William, tin plate worker, St. Benedict’s street
Smith, William, boat builder, Oak street
Smith, William Richard, baker, &c., St. Benedict’s street
Smith, William Richard, confectioner, Palace street
Smith, William Wilson, shoemaker, Trory street, Lakenham
Smithdale, Thomas, millwright, engineer, iron, and brass founder, St.
Ann’s foundry, King street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 9)
Smyth, William, repairer of musical instruments, Union place
Snape, Mrs. Jane, 68, St. Giles’ street
Snelling, James Gage, confectioner and fruiterer, Rampant Horse street
Snelling, John, Yarmouth Arms, Pudding lane, Market place
Snelling, Robert, paper pill box manufacturer, Hawthorn row, Heigham
Snelling, Thomas, grocer and tea dealer, 42, and 43, Magdalen street
Snelling, Thomas, beer retailer, King street
Snelling, William, boot and shoemaker, and gutta percha warehouse, Orford
hill
Snowdon, Henry, linen and woollen drapers, silk mercer, &c., Bridge
street, St. George’s
Snowdon, John Christopher and Co., linen and woollen drapers, and silk
mercers, Market House, 9, The Walk
Snowling, John, Duke’s Palace Inn; postmaster, Duke’s Palace street
Soman, David, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturer, Muspole street
Soman and Howes, printers, 4, St. Andrew’s hill
Soman, Philip (see Soman and Howes) 4, St. Andrew’s hill
Sommerville, Joseph, John, and Robert, drapers and hatters, Magdalen
street
Soons, John, seedsman and florist, St. Augustine’s
Sothern, Mr. Samuel, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
South, Mr. George, Unthank’s road
Southgate, Benjamin, saw sharper, St. Martin’s lane
Southgate, John G., baker, Upper Heigham
Southon, Edmund, cap maker, St. James’ street
Sowells, Mrs. Charlotte, 5, Chapel Field road
Sowels, John, Paragon street, St. Giles’ road
Sowels, Mrs. Mary, William street, Heigham
Sowels, William, West Pottergate street
Sowter, Abraham, clerk, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Spalding, James, French polisher, St. Andrew’s hill
Spanton, Francis Humphrey, dealer in hay and corn, King’s Arms, Ber
street
Sparham, Mrs. Julia, 5, Newmarket terrace, Newmarket road
Sparke, Alfred, engineer, (see Sparke and Co.); h Trowse
Sparke and Co., general engineers, iron and brass founders, and
agricultural implement manufacturers, Thorn lane foundry and Castle hill
(_see advertisement_, _pp._ 36, 37, 38)
Sparke, Miss Elizabeth, milliner, Chapel Field road
Sparkhall, Emily, lodging-house keeper, 2, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Sparkhall, John, market gardener, Nelson street, Heigham
Sparks, Edward, wine and spirit merchant, (see Clabburn and Sparks) St.
Giles’ street; h Aylsham road
Sparks, Francis William, wine and spirit merchant, auctioneer and valuer,
5, St. Giles’ street
Sparks, William, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Fye Bridge, Magdalen st.
Sparrow, Charles, Anchor of Hope, Bracondale
Spatchett, James, chemist, St. John’s Maddermarket
Spaul, Fidelis Joseph, carver, Prince’s street
Spaul, William B., builder, and wood and stone carver, Lower close
Spelman, George, accountant, Pottergate street
Spelman, Mr. Henry, Unthank’s road
Spelman, Mrs. William, Unthank’s road
Spelman, William and Sons, auctioneers, valuers, and land agents, and
agents to the Argus Life office, St. Giles’ street, and Great Yarmouth
Spence, George, circulating library and tobacconist, Bridge street, St.
George’s
Spence, George William, banker’s clerk, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s
road
Spencer, Daniel, solicitor’s clerk, The Chantry
Spencer, Christopher J. M., surgeon, Lower King street
Spencer, Miss Harriet, Duke street
Spencer, Rev. Henry, Grove terrace, Unthank’s road
Spencer, Isaac, grocer, St. Mary’s Church alley
Spencer, Isaac, Duke of Wellington, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Spencer, Jonathan, carpenter and joiner, Trowse Newton
Spencer, Mrs., Lady’s lane
Spencer, Robert, Elm tavern, Catton road
Spice, Thomas, flour dealer, Duke street; h Sussex street
Spink, James, bricklayer and builder, Jubilee place, Heigham road
Spinks, James, grocer and draper, St. Augustine’s gates
Spinks, James, livery stables, and horses and carriages for hire, Surrey
street
Spinks, John, manager of the District Visiting society, Pottergate street
Spinks, Samuel, bricklayer and plasterer, King Street gates
Spinks, Samuel, Calvert street
Spooner, Edward, beer retailer, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Spooner, Edward Frederick, upholsterer and paper hanger, St. Margaret’s
plain
Spooner, Maria, green grocer, Ber street
Spratt, Mrs. Emma, Albert terrace, Unthank’s road
Spratt, Miss Sarah, academy, Bethel street
Spratt, William, hay and corn dealer, Market place
Spratt, William, coach and harness manufacturer, Chapel field
Springall, Benjamin, grocer, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Springall, James, wholesale and retail grocer, and agent to the British
Equitable Life and Imperial Fire offices, Tombland
Springfield, Mrs., St. Mary’s Church alley
Springfield, Osborn, silk merchant, St. Martin’s lane; h Catton
Springfield, Son and Nephew, silk merchants, St. Martin’s lane
Springfield, Thomas, drill master, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Spurgeon, Emily, dressmaker, Suffolk street, Union place
Spurling, William, The Trowel and Hammer, St. Stephen’s road
Squires, James, butcher, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Stacey, Anthony, cooper, Thorpe hamlet
Stacey, Edward, house and land agent, 1, Point house, Newmarket road
Stacey, Mrs. William, Theatre street
Stacy, Henry Walter, bookseller, printer, publisher, stationer, and
bookbinder, 2, Old Haymarket
Staff, Charles, green grocer, Ber street
Staff, Frederick, Nelson tavern, Bedford street
Staff, John, congreve maker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Staff, Matthias, pig dealer, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Stafford, Robert, Mariners’ Arms, Mariners’ lane
Stafford, Thomas, grocer and tea dealer, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Stafford, William, baker, Vauxhall street
Stafford, William, baker, Brazen Doors road
Stageman, Miss Susanna, day school, Brazen Doors road
Staines, Mrs. Angelina, grocer, St. Stephen’s gates
Stallard, Joseph William, tailor and outfitter, Orford hill
Stalweather, Frederick, green grocer, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Stammers, Robert, whitesmith, Castle hill
Stamp, William, coffee-house keeper, and tailor, Colegate street
Stamp, W., rent and debt collector, Luckett’s court, St. Andrew’s
Stangroom, Caroline, straw bonnet maker, Ber street
Stangroom, Henry, furniture broker, Gildengate street
Stangroom, John, Duke of Sussex, St. Augustine’s street
Stangroom, Robert, grocer, Fishgate street
Stanley, George, scale, beam, weight, weighing machine, and steelyard
maker, Elm hill
Stanley, Joseph, statuary and mason, St. Stephen’s street
Stanley, Thomas, Essex street, Union place
Stanley, William, stone and marble mason, St. Catherine’s plain
Stannard, Alfred, artist, King street, Crook’s place
Stannard, Cubitt, manufacturer, St. George’s plain
Stannard, Miss Emily, boarding school, Rose lane
Stannard, Mrs., Willow lane, St. Giles’
Stannard, Harriet, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Infirmary road
Stannard, John, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Stannard, Robert John, baker, Little London street
Stannard, Mrs. Sarah, matron of Jenny Lind Infirmary for Sick Children,
Pottergate street
Stanshaw, Mr. George, 20, St. Giles’ street
Stanton, Robert, beer retailer, King street
Stapleton, Robert, boot and shoe manufacturer, corner of Pottergate
street, and St. John’s street
Stark, Mr. William, St. George’s plain
Stark, William and Co., agricultural chemists and merchants, dyers,
dressers, and hot pressers, Duke’s Palace bridge
Stark, Mr. John Michael, 10, Chapel field
Starkey, Mrs. Mary, mistress of St. Lawrence’s District National School,
St. Benedict’s street
Starland, George and Edward, plumbers, glaziers, and painters, Surrey
street
Starling, Charles Grey, linen draper, hosier, &c., White Lion street
Starling, Edmund A., fancy warehouseman, West Pottergate street
Starling, Mrs. Sophia, dressmaker, Chapel street, Union place
Starling, Miss Rebecca, milliner and dressmaker, West Pottergate street
Starling, Thomas, accountant, 12, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Starr, Frank, merchant’s clerk, Portland place, Holl’s lane
Steadman, Mr. Charles, Heigham road
Stearman, Eliza, dressmaker and milliner, Whitefriars’ street
Stearne, Thomas, city missionary, Sussex street, St. Augustine’s
Stebbings, Mrs. Sarah, lodging-house keeper, Rose lane
Steel, Henry, commercial traveller, West End Cottages, Chapel Field road
Steel and Rix, fancy repository, Queen street
Steele, The Misses, Unthank’s road
Stevens, Charles Frederick, brazier, and tin-plate worker, Magdalen
street
Stevens, Gardner Christopher, furnishing and general ironmonger, Orford
hill
Stevens, Mr. George, Poplar Cottage, Hellesdon road
Stevens, John, tobacconist, Back of the Inns
Stevens, Mrs. Mary (day school) Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Stevens, John Thomas, law stationer, &c. Castle meadow
Stevens, William Horace, printer, &c., Upper Goat lane; h Trory street,
Unthank’s road
Stevens, William, solicitor, Close; h St. Faith’s lane
Stevenson, Henry, Esq., Newmarket road (see Matchett and Stevenson)
Steward and Fisher, solicitors, and agents for the Norwich Union Fire
Office, King street
Steward, Edward, solicitor (see Steward and Fisher)
Steward, George, baker, Bull close
Steward, Henry, shopkeeper and tailor, Bull close
Steward, James, merchant tailor, and general outfitter, Tombland; h
Thorpe
Steward, Mrs. James, Bracondale
Steward, Mrs. Lucy, Heigham Lodge, Unthank’s road
Steward, Mary, green grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Steward, Miss Mary Ann, dressmaker and milliner, St. Martin’s at Palace
Steward, Miss Mary, milliner and dressmaker, Little Globe street, Union
place
Steward, Patteson, Finch and Co., maltsters, brewers, and spirit
merchants, Anchor brewery, Pockthorpe
Steward, Robert and Co., timber merchants, King street
Steward, Samuel, bookbinder, &c., Prince’s street
Steward, William, bricklayer and plasterer, East End, Thorpe hamlet
Stewards, Matthew, butcher, St. James’ street
Stewardson, Mr. Edward, 6, St. Giles’ road
Stewardson, Nathaniel Thomas, shopkeeper, St. James’ street
Stewardson, William Henry, printer, Little London street
Stewart, Charles Keith, fringe manufacturer, St. Giles’ street
Stigles, Daniel, hairdresser and herbalist, Fishgate street
Stimpson, James, furniture broker, Orford hill
Stirgess, George, bricklayer, Dingle’s row, New Catton
Stockings, Jonathan, baker, Eagle terrace, Newmarket road
Stockings, Mark, butcher, St. Stephen’s street
Stocks, Alfred Joseph, linen draper, silk mercer, hosier, glover, and
laceman, 12, Briggs’ street; h St. Stephen’s rd.
Stocks, George William, commercial traveller, St. Benedict’s street
Stocks, Mrs. Maria (boarding and day school) St. Benedict’s gates
Stone, Edward, beer retailer, King st.
Stone, Henry, plane maker, Magdalen street
Stone, Mr. James, Castle street
Stonex, James, grocer, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Stonex, William, farmer, Hall road, Lakenham
Storey, David, Black Swan, Upper Market
Storey, James, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s
Storey, William, Bricklayers’ Arms, grocer, Bull close
Stowers, James, tobacconist, 4, Red Lion street, St. Stephen’s
St. Quintin, Edward H., R.N., Thorpe, hamlet
St. Quintin, Capt. James, R.N., Lower close
Strachan, James, Guildhall tavern, Market place
Strangways, Walter Fox, Capt. R.H.A., The Lower close
Stratford, Edmund, scripture reader, Cowgate street
Stringer, Charles, surveyor of taxes, Orford hill; h 2, Newmarket road
Stroyan, Robert, cattle salesman, Bracondale
Stubbs, Charles, poulterer, Golden Ball street
Stubbs, Edward, White Horse tavern, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Stubbs, George, carter, &c., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Stubbs, Hugh, carter, Stamp Office yard, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Stubbs, Maria, general shopkeeper and beer retailer, Barrack street
Studwell, Mrs. Sarah, lodging house keeper, St. Benedict’s road
Sturley, Charles, cabinet maker, Pottergate street
Stygals, William, green grocer, Ber street
Suckling, Mr. Nelson Morris, Distillery street, Heigham
Suffolk, Edward, coal dealer, King street, Crook’s place
Suffolk, George, wholesale shoe manufacturer, Fountain square, Union
place
Suffolk, Mrs., Rising Sun road
Suffolk, William, carpenter, Ber street
Suggett and Dunsford, surgical and mechanical dentists, 17, St. Giles’
street
Sullivan, Stephen, baker, St. Margaret’s plain
Sultzer, John and Co., manufacturers, St. Augustine’s street
Sumner, David, pork butcher, Elm hill
Surflin, William, plumber and glazier, Bank tavern, Bank street
Sursham, Henry David, boot and shoe maker, Ten Bell lane
Sursham, John, corn and coal merchant, Fishgate street (see Boardman and
Sursham)
Sussams, William Stevenson, grocer, Heigham street
Sutton, Francis, analytical chemist, (see Harper and Sutton) Bank plain;
h 2, Lakenham terrace (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 7)
Sutton, James, (Bennett’s hotel and boarding house) Exchange street
Sutton, John, market gardener, Lower King street
Sutton, John Thompson, commercial traveller, Unthank’s road
Sutton, Henry Marrison, draper, &c., St. Augustine’s
Sutton, Marrison Daniel, tailor and draper, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Sutton, Robert, furniture broker, Magdalen street
Sutton, Samuel, working cutler, Royal Hotel street
Swann, Mrs. Ann, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Swann, James, boot and shoe manufacturer, Magdalen street
Swann, Joshua, (of the firm of Willett and Co.) The Grove, Chapel field
Swash, Maria, Turkey Cock, St. Simon’s Church street
Swash, Robert, green grocer, St. Mary’s plain
Swash, Sarah Ann, hairdresser, St. James’ street
Sweatman, Mrs. Elizabeth, Red Rose tavern, and tobacconist, Back of the
Inns
Swinden, John, fancy repository, Magdalen street
Swinton, Mr. William, West Pottergate street
Sword, John, livery and bait stables, Rose lane
Sword, John, hairdresser, (see Lanham and Sword) St. Giles’
Syder, Mr. James, 2, St. Swithin’s villa, Catton road
Symonds, Rev. Henry, M.A., Lower close
Syrett, James, bailiff, Lower Westwick street
Tadman, Mr. William, gas works, Thorpe hamlet
Talbot, George, tailor and woollen draper, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Talbot, Hannah, Lower close
Tallowin, Samuel, cow keeper, Rope Makers’ Arms lane, Hellesdon road
Talmedge, Miss Lydia, mistress of Industrial School, King street
Taney, William, fishmonger and photographer, Timberhill street
Tann, Mrs. Hannah, baker, Charing cross
Tann, Mary Ann, lodging-house keeper, Hall road, Lakenham
Tann, Samuel Wiseman, cabinet maker, &c., Upper Westwick street
Tarte, William, paper hanger, carver, and gilder, Botolph street
Tate, George, confectioner, Coslany street
Tatham, Mr. Charles, Distillery street
Tattam, Richard, cab proprietor, Lady’s lane
Tayler, Mrs. Eleanor, boarding and day school, 5, Grove place, Lakenham
Tayler, Francis George, teacher of music, 5, Grove place, Lakenham
Taylor, Adam and Clement, solicitors, and deputy under-sheriffs of
Norfolk, and agents to the Palladium Life Insurance office, Orford place
Taylor, George, green grocer, Rupert street, Union place
Taylor, George, truss maker, 13, Upper St. Giles’
Taylor, Mr. C., cemetery, Earlham road
Taylor, Lieut. Edward, R.N., Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Taylor, Elizabeth, dressmaker, Prince’s street
Taylor, Elizabeth, stay and elastic bandage maker, 13, Upper St. Giles’
st.
Taylor, George, green grocer, Rose lane
Taylor, Henry, shoemaker, Boarded court, Ber street
Taylor, James William, builder and contractor, measure maker, and bowl
turner, White Friars’ street, St. Martin’s at Palace
Taylor, Mrs. John, Surrey street
Taylor, John Martin, baker, St. Mary’s plain
Taylor, John Oddin, solicitor, solicitor to Eastern Counties and Norfolk
Railways, registrar of marriages, solicitor to the Lowestoft Marine
Parade Building Society, Lowestoft Harbour Building Society, and the
Wellington Esplanade Building Society, and commissioner for
acknowledgments of deeds by married women, 21 and 22, St. Giles’ street
Taylor, John William, cooper and measure maker, Upper Westwick street
Taylor, Mrs. Jane, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Taylor, Mrs. Mary, Castle hotel and Commercial inn, Castle hill
Taylor, William, chemist and druggist, Magdalen street
Taylor, Mrs. William, cement agent, King street
Taylor, William Aaron, tailor, Jay’s square, Rose lane
Taylor, William Brown, tobacconist, 1, St. Stephen’s street
Taylor, William Henry, surgeon, Prince’s street
Taylor, William Henry and Co., wholesale grocers, Old Haymarket
Taylor, William James, grocer, plumber, and glazier, Bird in Hand, Mill
lane, New Catton
Taylor, Mr. William, Carrow Abbey
Taylor, William Samuel, tailor and draper, Prince’s street
Taylor, William, coal dealer, Coslany street
Tebble, Mr. Thomas, Hall road, Lakenham
Temple, Robert, grocer, Ber street
Tench, James, shopkeeper and shoemaker, Spitalfields, Thorpe hamlet
Terrington, William, boot maker, Bloomsbury street, Rose lane
Testar, Charles, Cirque Unique tavern, Upper Westwick street
Thaxter, John, blacksmith, Barrack street
Thayne, Edward, basket manufacturer Upper Westwick street
Theobald, Mr. John, 6, Newmarket terrace
Theobald, Thomas and Son, hosiers and glovers, London street
Thetford, William, pork butcher, Trowse
Thirkettle, —, cabinet maker, Scole’s green
Thirkettle, Mrs. Harriet, feather dresser, Dereham road
Thirkettle, Mrs. Mary Ann, milliner and dressmaker, Timberhill street
Thirkettle, Robert, tailor, Wheelhouse’s court, St. Giles’ road
Thirkettle, William, whitesmith and bell hanger, Timberhill street
Thirtle, Mrs. Elizabeth, 11, Heigham terrace
Thirtle, James, boot and shoe maker, Lower Westwick street
Thirtle, James, whitesmith, Thorn lane
Thirtle, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, practical corn extractor, and
estate and commission agent, 2, Bridewell alley
Thomas, John, coal merchant, Quay side, St. Martin’s at Palace
Thompson, Alfred William, commercial traveller, Chapel Field road
Thompson, Benjamin, shopkeeper, Rose tavern, Thorn lane
Thompson, Christopher, brazier and tin-plate worker, Rampant Horse street
Thompson and Corrick, milliners and dressmakers, 60, St. Giles’ street
Thompson, Daniel, shoemaker, Upper King street
Thompson, Mrs. Eliza, dressmaker, Suffolk street, Union place
Thompson, Mrs. Elizabeth, Blue Anchor, Silver road
Thompson, George, Canteen, Barracks, Pockthorpe
Thompson, Henry, chemist and druggist, St. Stephen’s plain
Thompson, Henry, brazier, St. Julian’s street
Thompson, Mr. Jabez, 10, Newmarket rd.
Thompson, James, boot closer, St. Catherine’s plain
Thompson, James, grocer, Cross lane, St. George’s
Thompson, John, boot and shoe maker and gutta percha factor, St. Peter’s
steps, Market place
Thompson, John, green grocer, King street, Crook’s place
Thompson, Joseph, grocer and tea dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Thompson, Miss Maria, furniture broker, Oak street
Thompson, Martin, The Griffin, Barrack street
Thompson, Mrs., Dereham road
Thompson, Mrs., Chapel loke
Thompson, Philip, general shopkeeper, &c., Cherry street, New Lakenham
Thompson, Robert, jun., Phœnix iron works, St. Clement’s
Thompson, Robert, surgeon, Theatre street
Thompson, Robert, The Three Tuns, King street
Thompson and Son, iron merchants, ironmongers, oil and colourmen,
ironfounders, boiler makers, and general smiths, Castle street and
Colegate street
Thompson, Mrs. Sarah, bricklayer, St. Augustine’s
Thompson, Thomas, shoemaker, Botolph street
Thompson, William, beer retailer, Lower King street
Thorn, Charles, coach builder, St. Giles’ gates
Thorn, William, green grocer, Magdalen street
Thorndick and Co., printers and paper-bag manufacturers, Prince’s street
Thorns, Robert and Co., wholesale ironmongers, oil and colormen, Exchange
street
Thornton, Mrs. H., Bracondale
Thornton, William, working cutler, Grapes’ hill
Thorold, Mr. William, Thorpe hamlet
Thorpe, Thomas, hairdresser, Coslany street
Thorpe, Thomas Edward, furniture broker, Sun and Anchor, Colegate street
Thorpe, William, hairdresser, St. Stephen’s street
Thouless, James, grocer, Lothian street, Heigham
Thouless, William, Bartholomew Tavern, Thorn lane
Thrower, Maria, Woolpack inn, Golden Ball street
Thurgar and Co., mustard manufacturers and patentees of the condensed
egg, Albion mills, King street
Thurgar, Christopher Walter, surgeon, St. Catherine’s plain
Thurgar, William T., portrait painter, Unthank’s road
Thurling, James, Coachmakers’ Arms, St. Stephen’s gates
Thurlow, Mrs. Elizabeth, Post Office Tavern, Post Office street
Thurlow, Henry, Bricklayers’ Arms, Castle hill
Thurlow, John, baker and grocer, &c., Trowse
Thurlow, William, grocer, Prospect House, Philadelphia
Thurst, James, Venetian blind manufacturer, Castle meadow
Thurston, Daniel, Bull inn, St. Stephen’s street
Thurston, Samuel W., Chatham place, Chapel field road
Thurston, William, furniture broker, Oak street
Thurtell, Henry, green grocer, King street
Thurtell, James, whitesmith, Thorn lane
Thurtell, Mr. Thomas, Hall road, Lakenham
Thwaites, Mr. Henry, Holl’s lane
Thwaites, Isaac Mower, plumber, painter, and glazier, Willow cottage,
Thorn lane
Thwaites, John, beer retailer, Rainbow, Lower King street
Tibbenham, William, cowkeeper, Newmarket road
Tidd, Robert, grocer and tea-dealer, Oak street
Tidman, Robert, Bridge House, Thorpe hamlet
Tidman, Robert, machinist and boiler maker, Thorpe hamlet
Tillett, Mr. Jacob, Quay side
Tillett, Jacob Henry, solicitor, and agent to the General Life and Fire
Insurance Company, St. Andrew’s Broad street; h Town close
Tillett, James, wheelwright, St. Augustine’s gates
Tillett, Leonard, bricklayer and plasterer, Lower Westwick street
Tillett, William, coachbuilder, St. Augustine’s
Tilley, Alfred, upholsterer, Lothian street
Tills, Benjamin, grocer and tea dealer, Magdalen street
Tillyard and Howlett, curriers, leather merchants, and shoe
manufacturers, St. George’s plain
Tillyard, Isaac, shoe manufacturer, St. George’s plain; h Bracondale
Tillyard, Mr. Robert, Grove, St. Giles’ road
Tillyard and Son, boot and shoe makers, Elm hill
Tillyard, Abraham, boot and shoe maker, (see Tillyard and Son)
Tilney, Henry, beer retailer, Magdalen street
Tink, William, jobbing gardener, Trafalgar street
Tinkler, George, clerk to the Commissioner of Taxes, and Deputy Registrar
of Births and Deaths for East Wymer District, Magdalen street
Tinkler, George, green grocer, Magdalen street
Tinkley, Mrs. Esther, boot and shoe maker, Rampant Horse street
Tiptod, Benjamin, green grocer, Coburgh street
Titlow, Rev. Samuel, A.M., 16, The Crescent
Todd, Miss Catherine, 3, Heigham place
Todd, John, and Son, tailors and woollen drapers, Queen street
Todd, William, clerk to the Norwich Union Insurance Society, Lower King
street
Todd, William Austin, tailor, habit maker, woollen draper, and hatter,
16, London street
Toll, Elizabeth, 57, St. Giles’ street
Toll, William, shoemaker, Ber street gates
Tolladay, Joseph, horse-hair seating and mattress manufacturer, Lower
Westwick street
Tolson, Mrs. Martha, 5, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Tomlinson, Miss Ann, milliner, Bishopgate street
Tomlinson and Co., hatters, hosiers, and glovers, Castle street
Tomlinson, Mr. George, City road, Heigham fields
Tomlinson, Hannah, lodging-house keeper, 2, Bank plain
Tompson, Charles, schoolmaster and shopkeeper, Pitt street
Toogood, William, shoemaker, Aylsham road
Tooke, Mrs. Mary, Nelson place, Mount Pleasant, Newmarket road
Tooke, Michael, tailor, Vauxhall street
Tooley, Peter, saddler and harness maker, Upper King street
Towell, Mrs. Ann, White Cottage, Philadelphia
Towell, William, seed merchant, 2, Upper King street
Towler, Mr. Abel, Heigham grove, Unthank’s road
Towler, Edward William Robert, grocer and tea-dealer, Magdalen street
Towler, Miss Hannah, linen draper and haberdasher, Fye bridge, Magdalen
street
Towler, John Burrows, fish salesman, Lady’s lane
Towler, Rowling and Allen, manufacturers’, Elm hill, and 46, Friday
street, Cheapside, London
Towler, Richard Burrows, The Ostrich tavern, Plumstead road
Townley, Mr. Jonathan, treasurer of County Court, Surrey road
Townshend, Charles, furniture broker, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Townshend, George, Crown inn, Elm hill
Townshend, John, house agent, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Townshend, Robert, clerk, 7, Synagogue street
Townshend, Samuel, herring curer, 32, Pottergate street
Townshend, Samuel Thomas, jun., carver, gilder, and looking-glass and
picture-frame manufacturer, 13, Charing cross
Townshend, Miss Sarah, milliner and dressmaker, Botolph street
Townshend, William, bricklayer, King’s Arms, Bethel street
Trackson, James, travelling draper, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Travis, Samuel, Bowling Green tap, Theatre street
Traxton, Edward, tailor, Lower close
Trevor, Mr. Frederick Francis, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Trevor, Henry, cabinet, upholstery, paper hanging, and carpet warehouse,
5, Post Office street; h Earlham road
Trimmer, Rev. Kirby, B.A., Upper close
Tripp, John, whitesmith, Golden Ball street
Trollop, George, gardener and green grocer, Southwell road, New Lakenham
Trory, John, professor of music, Elm hill, St. Peter’s Hungate
Trory, William, green grocer, Bethel street
Trory, Mr. William, Unthank’s road
Trowse, Christopher, tailor, Ten Bell lane
Trowse, John, parish clerk to St. Peter’s Mancroft, Bethel street
Trowse, William and Charles, builders, St. Julian street
True, Samuel, stationer, St. Augustine’s street
True, William John, Jolly Gardeners, Brunswick road
Truman, James, shoe manufacturer, Pottergate street
Trumbetta, William, Market House, Weaver’s lane
Tubb, William Henry, original Berlin wool and fancy warehouse, London
street
Tuck, Charles Edward, solicitor, St. Giles’ street
Tuck, James Stannard, lodging-house keeper, Surrey street
Tuck, Robert, baker, Vauxhall street
Tuck, Robert, confectioner, Wensum street
Tuck, Robert Alexander, baker and confectioner, Lower Goat lane
Tuddenham, Edward, tailor, Duke’s street
Tuddenham, Henry, tailor, St. Augustine’s
Tuddenham, John, The Swan, Cowgate street
Tuffield, William, fishmonger, Badding lane, St. Martin’s at Palace
Tuffs, William, beer retailer, Botolph street
Tungate, William, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Turner, Charles, shoemaker, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Turner, Mr. Charles, Lower King street
Turner, Charles, Rev., M. A., 17, The Crescent
Turner, Edmund, commercial traveller, Grove, Surrey road
Turner, James Mangles, iron founder, Norwich foundry, St. Martin’s at
Palace
Turner, James, carver and gilder, Charles street, Heigham
Turner, John, house and furniture painter, St. Lawrence lane
Turner, John Joseph, painter, &c., Barn road, Heigham
Turner, Joseph, The Anchor, Surrey street
Turner, Sarah, shopkeeper, Adelaide street, Heigham
Turner, Sarah, grocer, John street, Heigham
Turner, Thomas, green grocer, Ber street
Turner, William, jun., boot and shoemaker, Palace street
Turner, William, green grocer, St. James’ street
Turner, William, tailor, St. Stephen’s Church lane
Turner, William Nicholas Harwin, solicitor, Lower close; h Newmarket road
Turrell, James, grocer, Ber street
Turrell, Josiah, furniture broker, and general shopkeeper, Coburgh street
Turtle, Francis Gilling, throwster and stover, Botolph street
Tuttell, Ann Maria, baker, and shopkeeper, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Tuttell, Henry, general shopkeeper, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Tuttle, John, grocer, Mill street, Lakenham
Tuxford, William, trunk maker, Back of the Inns
Tyce, George, cabinet maker, 16, Charing cross
Tye, Jemima, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Ber street
Tyler, Mrs. Adelaide (day school) Lothian street, Heigham
Tyzack, William Valentine, haircutter, wig maker, and perfumer, 13,
London street
Ulph, Frederick, carpenter and builder, St. John’s terrace, Ber street
gates
Ulph, Henry William, billiard table keeper, Old Post Office court; h
Dereham road
Ulph, James, The Three Tubs, Barrack street, Pockthorpe
Ulph, Thomas, shoe mercer, leather warehouseman, &c., 1, Dove street
Ulph, William, dyer and dresser, Lower Westwick street
Underwood, Charles, butcher, West Pottergate street
Underwood and Gaze, lime burners and brick makers, Chalk hill, Thorpe
hamlet
Underwood, Henry, bricklayer and plasterer, St. Margaret’s plain; h
Somerleyton street
Underwood, John, bricklayer, King street
Upcroft, James, Jack of Newbury tavern, Magdalen street
Upcroft, William, printer and bookbinder, Fishgate street
Utting, Charles, bankers’ clerk, Holl’s lane, Heigham fields
Utting, John, boot and shoe maker, Gildengate street
Utting, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Ber street
Utting, Mr. Robert, Sussex street, St. Augustine’s
Valentine, Elizabeth, green grocer, St. Swithin’s
Varley, John, cabinet and chair maker, Ropes’ yard, Surrey street
Varvill, James, lime burner, Trowse Newton
Vassar, John, grocer and tea dealer, West End street, Heigham
Venning, Mrs. Julia, Surrey House, Surrey street
Venteman, George Deanes, inland revenue officer, Lower King street
Vincent, Elizabeth, milliner, St. Miles’ Church alley
Vincent, Henry, furniture broker, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Vincent, Henry, tin-plate worker, Lower Westwick street
Vincent, Henry and Son, furniture brokers, and tin-plate workers, Upper
Westwick street
Vincent, James, hat manufacturer, furrier, and feather maker, Red Lion
street
Vincent, John, salesman, Leonard’s buildings, Unthank’s road
Vincent, Rev. John Charles Frederick, A.M. and LL.D., Upper close
Vlieland, Jerome N., professor of languages, Redwell street
Vyall, Daniel, parish clerk, and coal merchant, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Vyall, Henry Manning, coal merchant, Chapel Field road
Wade, Elizabeth, tailoress, St. John’s Maddermarket
Wade, Mrs. Frances, woollen cloth warehouse, Redwell street
Wade, James, furniture broker, Fishgate street
Wade, Robert, hairdresser, &c., Bank street
Wade, Rev. Robert, B.A., incumbent of Christ church, New Catton
Wade, Thomas, wood turner, Pitt street
Wade, Thomas, beer retailer, Pitt street
Waddington, James, estate agent, St. Julian’s street, Ber street
Waight, Thomas, White Hart, Ber street
Waite, George, gas fitter and brazier, 4, Redwell street
Wakerley, George, agent to Blackie and Son, publishers, Upper St. Giles’
street
Wallace, Thomas, Whip and Nag, Pitt street
Wales, John, carpenter and builder, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Wales, Mr. William, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Walker, Amos, baker, Infirmary road
Walker, Mrs. Ann, milliner, and straw bonnet maker, Peacock street
Walker and Bird, writers and grainers, Surrey street (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 19)
Walker, Clement Henry, grainer, (see Walker and Bird); h Victoria place
Walker, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Ber street
Walker, George, Cardinal Cap, Upper Westwick street
Walker, James, butcher, Coslany street
Walker, John, green grocer, Ber street
Walker, John, Castle tavern, Thorpe hamlet
Walker, Richard, fancy repository, St. George’s Bridge street
Walker, Robert, printer and news’ agent, Church street, St. Miles’
Coslany
Walker, Theresa, Calvert street
Walker, Thomas, joiner and builder, Upper Westwick street
Walker, William Steward, accountant, 7, Surrey terrace, Surrey road
Wallace, James, Two Brewers, St. John’s Maddermarket
Waller, Elizabeth, dressmaker, Calvert street
Waller, John Gamble, haberdasher, Peacock street
Waller, Martha, shopkeeper, St. Paul’s opening
Waller, Robert Pitts, Christian Knowledge Society repository, 15, Castle
meadow
Waller, Thomas, baker, Cowgate street
Walmsley, George William, carpenter, West Pottergate street
Walne, Mr. William B., 53, Pottergate street
Walters, William, grocer, Ber street
Want, Frederick, stone and marble mason, Dereham road
Ward, Charles Palmer, hairdresser, White Lion street
Ward, Elizabeth, green grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Ward, George, baker, Little Orford street
Ward, Isaac, hairdresser, West Pottergate street
Ward, James, carpenter, St. Andrew’s hill
Ward, Mrs. Maria, dressmaker, Albemarle street, Crook’s place
Ward, Thomas William, boot and shoe maker, St. Benedict’s street
Ward, William, William the Fourth, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Ward, William, The Bird in Hand, Barrack street
Wardle, Sarah, draper and milliner, St. Mary’s plain
Warlett, Mrs. Phœbe, clothier, Coslany street
Warman, Zachariah W., haberdasher, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Warner, George G., merchant’s clerk, Paragon street
Warner, Henry, George inn, Old Haymarket
Warner, James, blacksmith, Trafalgar street
Warner, Walter Waite, tea dealer, All Saints’ green
Warne, Samuel, shoemaker, Russell street
Warner, William and Co., brass founders, coppersmiths, and agents to
copper mines, 2, St. Giles’ street
Warnes, Charles, Orchard Tavern gardens, Heigham street
Warnes, Elizabeth, Eastern Counties Railway tavern, Foundry bridge
Warnes, Henry, merchant’s clerk, 6, St. Stephen’s square
Warnes, Robert, coal merchant, Foundry bridge; h 7, John street, Rose
lane
Warnes, Thomas, beer retailer, Cowgate street, St. Paul’s
Warnes, Thomas, brush manufacturer, City road, Heigham
Warner, William Waite, Theatre street
Warnett, Charles, bricklayer and builder, Lower King street
Warnett, Phœbe, shopkeeper, &c., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Warren, Reuben, carpenter, Russell st.
Warren, Mrs. Susan, 4, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Warren, Mr. William, Bracondale
Watching, Thomas, green grocer, Heigham street
Watering, Jeremiah, boot and shoe maker, Southwell street, Lakenham
Watering, John, shopkeeper, Mill lane, New Catton
Watering, Mr., Douro terrace, Heigham grove, Earlham road
Waters, John, fishmonger, Ber Street gates
Waterson, Joseph, coal merchant, Quay side
Waterton, Mr. Edward, The Cottage, Silver road
Watling, Francis, wood turner, Oak street
Watling, Robert Shingles, corn merchant, Cinder Ovens yard, King street;
h Yarmouth
Watling, Simon, shoe manufacturer, Cowgate street
Watson, Ann and Son, stone merchants and masons, St. Faith’s lane and
Castle meadow; h Thorpe hamlet
Watson, Daniel Filby, carver and gilder, All Saints’ green
Watson, Edward Charles, carpenter and joiner, Chapel street, Crook’s
place
Watson, Frederick Elwin, solicitor, clerk to the Commissioners of taxes,
and agent to the Yorkshire Fire and Life office, Rampant Horse street; h
5, Lakenham terrace
Watson, George, Alma terrace, Infirmary road
Watson, Gilbert Pickering, chemist and druggist, King street
Watson, James, carpenter and builder, Philadelphia
Watson, James, chemist and druggist, Lower King street
Watson, James, tea dealer and lodging-house keeper, Calvert street
Watson, James Crane, carpenter and builder, John street, Rose lane
Watson, James Harvey, tailor and clothier, 2, Charing cross
Watson, John, Star Commercial inn and posting house, Old Haymarket
Watson, John Ferra, surgeon, Heigham hill, Heigham
Watson, Miss Mary Ann, day school, John street, Rose lane
Watts, Mrs. Elizabeth, 8, The Crescent
Watts and Graham, drapers and tea-dealers, Thurso place, Dereham road
Watts, Sarah, Lord Nelson, Dereham rd.
Watts, Harriet, beer retailer, Lower King street
Watts, Henry, tailor, Devonshire place, Heigham
Watts, James, engineer, &c., Bishopgate street
Watts, James, engineer, Bloomsbury street, Rose lane
Watts, John, Kett’s Castle, Spitalfields, Thorpe hamlet
Watts, Mrs. Sarah, Earlham road
Watts, Thomas, butcher, Willow lane, St. Giles’
Watts, Thomas, clerk, 1, St. Stephen’s square
Weavers, Elizabeth, lodging-house keeper, 1, Pottergate street
Weavers, Mrs. Fanny Mary, dressmaker, 5, John street, Rose lane
Weavers, Robert, beer retailer, Heigham street
Weavers, William, fishmonger, Austin court, Bethel street
Webb, Goldsmith, cattle dealer, Julian street, Julian place
Webb, John, photographic artist, Cowgate street
Webb, William, jun., rope manufacturer, Magdalen street
Webber, Joseph, brazier, Pitt street
Websdale, Mrs. Frances, Lamb inn, Old Haymarket
Websdale, Miss Harriet, milliner and dressmaker, Surrey street
Websdale, James, grocer and beer retailer, Lower King street
Webster, Benjamin, merchant’s clerk, Grove place, New Lakenham
Webster Emma, dressmaker, Philadelphia
Webster, Henry, shopkeeper, Golden Ball street
Webster, James, carver, Ber street
Webster, John, hairdresser, Ber street
Webster, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Lower Westwick street
Webster, Robert, second-hand clothes dealer and shoemaker, St. Lawrence
steps
Webster Stephen, boot and shoe maker, 14, Timberhill street
Webster, Mrs. Sarah Ann, dressmaker, Botolph street
Webster, William, Maid’s Head inn and Posting house, Wensum street
Webster, William, brewer and beer retailer, Ber street
Webster, William, builder, Golden Ball street
Websdale, William, upholsterer and paper hanger, Surrey street
Weeds, Mary Ann, grocer, Bishopgate bridge, Thorpe hamlet
Weeks, Henry, The Jolly Gardeners’ tavern, Infirmary road
Weeks, William, plumber, painter, and glazier, St. Augustine’s street
Wegg, Christopher, blacksmith, Fishgate street
Welch, James R. J., baker, Lower King street
Wells, Jeremiah, beer retailer, Botolph street
Wells, Peter, Oxford tavern, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Wells, Mr. Robert, Queen street
Wells, Thomas, veterinary surgeon, Castle meadow
Wells, William, butcher, 1, Norfolk terrace, Union place,
Wells William, cabinet manufacturer, Castle meadow
Wells, William Harrison, corn miller, New Mills; h Hellesdon
Welton, Edward, wheelwright, &c., Brazen Doors road
Wenn, William, Jolly Maltsters, and marine store dealer, Cowgate street
West, Mr. Charles, 3, St. Stephen’s back street
West, John, the Royal Standard, Chapel street, Union place
Weston, Charles, maltster and brewer, St. George’s Bridge street; h
Thorpe
Whaites, Mrs. Hannah, lodging-house keeper, Surrey street
Whaites, Mr. Charles, solicitor, Samson’s Court, Tombland
Whaites, Mr. Robert, Newmarket terrace
Whales, Mark, bricklayer, Distillery yard, Coslany street
Whall, Ann, gun maker, Little London street
Whall, Jeremiah, tunist, Julian street, Julian place
Whall, John, beer retailer, Cowgate street
Whall, Robert, grocer, King street, Crook’s place
Whall, William, whitesmith, St. Stephen’s back street
Whall, William, hairdresser, Mill lane, New Catton
Wheeler, Francis, pharmaceutical chemist and druggist, 2, Swan lane,
London street
Wheeler, Rev. Thomas Archibald, Baptist minister, Golden Dog lane
Wheelhouse, Mr. William, St. Giles’ road
Whincop, George Garwood, banker’s clerk, Newmarket road
White, Anna and Drusilla, Berlin wool and millinery warehouse, No. 8,
London street
White, Frederick, ironmonger, St. Faith’s lane
White, George, shoemaker, Upper Goat lane
White, Jeremiah, carpenter and builder, Thorn lane
White, Mrs., 1, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
White, Robert, ticket writer, St. Benedict’s street
White, Richard, green grocer, Palace street
White, Richard, surgeon dentist, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’; h Unthank’s
road
White, William, furniture broker and estate agent, St. Gregory’s church
alley
Whitehead, Mrs. Ann, servants’ registry office, 12, Grapes’ hill, St.
Giles
Whitehead, George, stone mason, Grapes’ hill, St. Giles’
Whitehead, Mary, midwife, Sussex street
Whitehead, William, Two-necked Swan, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Whitelock, Mrs. Anna, Timberhill street
Whiting, Mrs. Elizabeth Lawrence, Grout’s thoroughfare, St. John’s
Timberhill
Whiting, George Jones, tailor, Heigham street
Whitlam, Thomas, cutler, West Pottergate street
Whitlan, Henry, shoe manufacturer, Adelaide street, Heigham
Whitrick, James, grocer, West Pottergate street
Whitaker, William, grocer, &c., Lower King street
Wick, Mr. Thomas, St. Catherine’s plain
Wicks, Benjamin, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Wicks, Robert, grocer and tailor, Ber street
Wicks, Thomas, wire worker, Tombland
Wicks, William, clerk to the guardians of Heigham, Oxford street,
Unthank’s road
Widows, Francis, manufacturer, St. Paul’s terrace, Cowgate street
Widdows, Charles, teacher of music, 8, John street, Rose lane
Widdows, Mark, Shoulder of Mutton, St. Andrew’s hill
Wigg, Edward, Stag inn, St. Benedict’s street
Wigg, John, cow-keeper, Vauxhall street
Wigg, Sarah, lodging-house keeper, 6, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Wigger, John Henry A., picture dealer, Bethel street
Wigger, John, The Dog, St. Paul’s plain
Wiggett, Henry, wood turner, Oak street
Wiggett, Mrs. Mary, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Wigham, Mrs. Elizabeth, Lower close
Wilby, Caroline, day school, Lower King street
Wilch, Harriet, baker and shopkeeper, Lower King street
Wilch, Mary Ann, baker and shopkeeper, Lower King street
Wild, Edward, grocer, tea-dealer, &c., 11, Old Haymarket
Wild, Elizabeth, milliner, Cowgate street
Wilde, John, collector of Inland Revenue stamps and taxes, office, Orford
hill; h 6, Newmarket road
Wilde, Frederic, plumber, glazier, and painter, St. Stephen’s street
Wilde, John, coal seller, Lower King street
Wilde, Matthew, Eastern Union Railway tavern, St. Stephen’s gates
Wilde and Son, parliamentary agents, St. Stephen’s street
Wilde, Mr. Stephen, Unthank’s road
Wilde, William, auctioneer, Post Office street
Wilde, William, coroner for the city, St. Stephen’s street
Wilding, Henry, hairdresser and perfumer, 42, London street
Wiles, Mary Ann, linen and woollen draper, silk mercer, &c., St.
Stephen’s street
Wiley, Samuel Hall, general shopkeeper, The General Windham, Cowgate
street
Wilkin, Charles, carver and gilder, Wensum street
Wilkins, John, bricklayer, St. Martin’s lane
Wilkins, Mr. Robert Frederick, Bethel street
Wilkinson, Mr. Benjamin, Newmarket road
Wilkinson, Henry Joseph, saddler and harness maker, St. Giles’ street
Wilkinson, Joseph, solicitor, Prince’s street
Wilkinson, William, Suffolk Arms, Oak street
Willement, George, green grocer, Coburg street
Willement John, shoemaker, Dereham road
Willement, Mrs. Maria, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Williment Richard, manufacturer, 1, Calvert street
Willett, Mr. Charles J., Eaton Willow, Newmarket road
Willett, Charles, manure and agricultural implement makers’ agent, 5,
Great Orford street
Willett, Mr. Edward, Eaton Grove, Newmarket road (of the firm of Willett
and Co.)
Willett, Nephew, and Co., manufacturers, Pottergate street; London
warehouse, 62, Friday street
Williams, Elizabeth, baby linen warehouse, 9, London street
Willett, Mr. Henry, Thorpe House
Williams, Henry, beer retailer, King street gates
Williams, Josiah, grocer and tea-dealer, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Williamson, Henry William, corn, flour, and seed merchant, 56, St.
Stephen’s street
Williamson, Mrs. Mary Ann, boot and shoe warehouse, St. Stephen’s street
Williamson, William, William the Fourth, and cheesemonger, St.
Augustine’s street
Willgrass, John, butcher, Ber street
Williams, Benjamin, collector of taxes, 3, Calvert street
Williams, Case, and Potter, manufacturers, Calvert street
Williams, Mr. Isaac, Calvert street (see Williams, Case, and Potter)
Williams, Josiah, grocer, &c., Globe street, Union place
Williams, John, corn traveller, City road, Heigham
Williams, John Henry, grocer, &c., Duke street
Williams, Mrs. Mary Ann, Moon and Stars, Duke’s Palace street
Williams, Thomas, green grocer, Crook’s place
Williamson, John Austin, corn and seed factor, Duke’s Palace street
Williamson, Mrs. Temperance, dress maker, Duke’s Palace
Willins, Mrs. E., Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Willins, the Misses, Mount Pleasant
Willis, Reuben, shopkeeper, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Willins, William, solicitor, Castle meadow
Wills, Anthony, parish clerk, West end street
Wills, Anthony Frederick, Gibraltar gardens and bowling green, Upper
Heigham
Wills, George Edward, draper, Heigham street
Wills, William, tanner and fellmonger, Heigham street
Willsea, Mrs. Harriet, news agent and tobacconist, Orford hill
Wilsea, John, Waggon and Horses, and furniture broker, Bridge street, St.
Miles’
Wilson, Alexander, cab proprietor, St. Stephen’s square
Wilson, George, bookseller, Castle street
Wilson, George, confectioner, Queen street, Tombland
Wilson, James, Railway Inn, Trowse Millgate
Wilson, Miss Jane, straw bonnet maker, St. Paul’s
Wilson, James, supervisor of inland revenue, 34, Victoria street, St.
Stephen’s
Wilson, Mrs. Maria, grocer, &c., Bridge street, St. Miles
Wilson, Miss Maria, Unthank’s road
Wilson, the Misses E. & C., boarding school, Grove house, Newmarket road
Wilson, Robert, Marquis of Lothian, Lothian street, St. Benedict’s
Wilson, Sarah, general shopkeeper, Barrack street
Wilson, Thomas, cork manufacturer, Golden Ball street
Wilson, Thomas, boat letter, Crown yard, St. Martin’s at Oak
Wilson, William S., manager of East of England Bank, Old Haymarket; h
Newmarket road
Wilson, William, firework maker, Church walk, New Lakenham
Wilson, William, solicitor, 7, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Wimperis, William, earthenware dealer, Cowgate street
Winkle, John, engineer and machinist, St. Benedict’s gates
Winter, Ambrose, Heigham road
Winter, Charles, wholesale shoe manufacturer and leather merchant, 7, 8,
and 9, Upper market; h Heigham Grove House, St. Giles’ road
Winter, George, baker and confectioner, Timberhill street
Winter, James, solicitor, and treasurer to Carrow bridge com. and
guardian, St. Giles’ street; h Rose Cottage, Heigham
Winter, James John, solicitor, St. Giles’ street; h Lower Close
Winter, John Green, clerk, Valentine street
Winter, John, beer retailer, Barrack street
Winter, Robert, baker, Coburg street
Winter and Rowland, carpenters, King street
Winter Robert, relieving officer and parish clerk, 4, Victoria terrace,
Synagogue street
Winter, Samuel, baker, Pitt street
Winter, Mrs. Thomas, Greenhill gardens, St. Augustine’s
Winter, William, plumber, painter, and glazier, Timberhill street
Winter, William, wholesale brush manufacturer, Chapel street, Crook’s
place
Wiseman, Mr. Alfred, 1, Earlham Road terrace
Wiseman, Isaac, wine and spirit merchant, Post Office street; h Newmarket
road
Wiseman, Robert, bricklayer and plasterer, Muspole street
Wiseman, Mr. Samuel, Gildengate street
Wiseman, William, West Pottergate street
Wisker, Robert Newton, grocer and tea dealer, Tinkler’s lane
Wittrick, Henry, lodging-house keeper, Priest’s buildings, St. Stephen’s
road
Wittrick, Samuel, coal dealer, Vauxhall street
Wodderspoon, Mr. John, Lower close
Wodehouse, Miss Elizabeth, Lower close
Wodehouse, William, agent for the Liverpool Friendly Society, 21, Upper
King street
Wolsey, Henry, merchant’s clerk, 4, Surrey terrace
Wolton, Durrant, and Co., grocers and tea dealers, 47, London street
Wolton, Mr. John Hyam, Castle meadow
Womack, George, wholesale clothier, outfitter, woollen draper, tailor,
and hatter, 10, 11, 12, White Lion street, and 13, 14, Davey place; h
Surrey street
Womack, Mr. George, Grapes’ hill
Wood, George, Morgan’s Cellar House, Lower King street
Wood, George James, leather seller, Sussex street, St. Augustine’s
Wood, John, carpenter, Union place
Wood, Mr. John, Fisher’s lane
Wood, John Samuel, whitesmith, brazier, and tin-plate worker, Magdalen
street
Wood, Mr. Robert, 25, Bethel street
Wood, Robert, Cricketers’ Arms, Red Lion street
Wood, William, general shopkeeper, Union street, Crook’s place
Woodard, Henry, hairdresser, Lower King street
Woodcock, Mr. Henry, 70, St. Giles’ street
Woodcock, Samuel, pork butcher, Palace street
Woodcock, Thomas, solicitor, Surrey road, All Saints
Woodcraft, Charles, St. Faith’s lane
Woodcraft, James, news agent, Fishgate street
Woodgate, Philip, shoe warehouse, Castle street; h St. Giles’ road
Woodhouse, George, accountant, 6, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Woodhouse, Mr. George, 66, Pottergate street
Woodhouse, Joshua, Curriers’ Arms, St. Stephen’s Back street
Woodhouse, William, surgeon at Infirmary, St. Augustine’s
Woodron, Mr. John, 2, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Woodrow, Mrs. Hannah Maria, Bracondale
Woodrow, James Samuel, merchant’s clerk, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s
road
Woodrow, Mr. Joseph, Unthank’s road
Woodrow, Robert, watch and clock maker, Gloucester place, St. Catherine’s
plain
Woodrow, Thomas, pawnbroker, St. Miles; h 3, Trafalgar place, Dereham
road
Woodrow, William, wholesale shoe manufacturer, Church walk, Lakenham
Woods, Mr. Alexander, Holl’s lane
Woods, George John, leather seller and currier, St. Gregory’s Church
alley
Woods, James, merchants’ clerk, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Woods, James Matthias, linen draper, 67, St. Stephen’s street
Woods, John, tailor, West Pottergate street
Woods, John Robert, cabinet maker, Red Lion street
Woods, John, tailor, Tinkler’s lane
Woods, Robert, tailor, John street, Rose lane
Woods, William, green grocer and coal dealer, Union place
Woodward, Charles, baker and confectioner, Trory street, Julian place
Woodward, Mrs. Elizabeth, St. Stephen’s road
Woodward, Mrs. Jane, 17, Distillery st.
Woodyard, James, boot and shoe manufacturer, Oak street
Woolbright, Robert, gardener, Lower close
Woollistone, Samuel, baker, and timber dealer, Cherry street, Lakenham
Woollinger, John, green grocer, St. Augustine’s street
Woolmer, Clement Amies, boot and shoe maker, and parish clerk, Bridge
street, St. George’s
Woolnough, Martha, corn dealer, Ber street
Woolnough, Theophilus, stationer, Prince’s street
Woolsey, Samuel, White Hart family and commercial hotel and posting
house, St. Peter’s
Woolterton, Robert, surgeon, Tombland
Wordingham, Robert, painter, plumber, and glazier, Rose tavern, Hall’s
road, Lakenham
Wordingham, William, joiner and builder, St. Catherine’s plain
Worledge, John, fishmonger, Gildengate street
Worman, James, builder, Castle meadow
Worman, Robert, carter, Grapes’ hill
Wortley, Mrs. John, Bracondale
Wortley, Miss Martha, milliner and dressmaker, 5, Briggs’ street
Wortley, Thomas, shoe manufacturer, William street
Wright and Base, boot and shoe makers, London street
Wright, Daniel, tin-plate worker, Pitt street
Wright, Eliza, tailoress, Lower King st.
Wright, George, green grocer, Upper Westwick street
Wright, Mrs. Harriet, Upper close
Wright, Miss Harriet, school mistress, Prospect place, Philadelphia
Wright, Jacob, St. Mary’s foundry, Muspole street
Wright, James, bricklayer and plasterer, Ber street
Wright, James, linen draper and milliner, Ber street
Wright, James, and Son, land agents, surveyors, and valuers, Bank
chambers
Wright, Mr. James, senr., Mount Pleasant
Wright, Mr. James, junr., Mount Pleasant
Wright, James, Goat Tavern, Upper Goat lane
Wright, John, and Son, manufacturers, Elm hill; h St. Helen’s, Bishopgate
street
Wright, Mr. John, St. Helen’s place
Wright, John, millwright, Alma terrace, St. Augustine’s road
Wright, John, fishmonger, Oak street
Wright, Robert John, land agent, Queen street; h Lower close
Wright and Son, plumbers, painters, and glaziers Mission place, King
street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 34)
Wright, Thomas, butcher and beer retailer, Long row, New Catton
Wright, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Pump street
Wright, Mr. Thomas Frederick, Mount pleasant
Wright, Walter, plumber, painter, and glazier, Surrey place
Wright, Mrs. Warner, Gildengate street
Wright, William, joiner and builder, Richmond hill, Lakenham
Wright and Woodrow, land agents and surveyors, Queen street
Wurr and Page, bricklayers and plasterers, Grapes’ hill
Wyatt, David, tailor, Paragon street, St. Giles’ road
Wyatt, Esdaile, clerk, Grove road, New Lakenham
Wyatt, Henry, boot and shoe manufacturer, Upper King street
Wyatt, John, The Spear in Hand, Julian place, Heigham
Wymer, Mrs. Elizabeth, Bartholomew street
Yallop, William, Somerset tavern, Union street, Crook’s place
Yarington, Mrs. Mary Ann, ladies’ seminary, Gildengate street
Yates, William, china, glass, and earthenware warehouse, Davey place
Yaxley, Henry, King’s Arms, St. Augustine’s street
Yeames, Samuel, The Waterman, King street
Yellop, Robert, Golden Can, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Yexley, William, accountant, Jubilee Place, Heigham road
Youell, Catherine, dressmaker, Globe street, Union place
Youels, William, hairdresser and glover, St. Catherine’s plain
Young, Mrs. Elizabeth, Unthank’s road
Young, James, bricklayer and builder, Dereham road
Young, John, commercial traveller, 11, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
road
Young, Thomas, baker and grocer, Magdalen street
Youngman, John, accountant, Grove place, Lakenham
Youngman, Harold, merchant’s clerk, and agent for the Scottish Union Fire
and Life Assurance Society, Vauxhall street
Youngman, Samuel Wood, commercial traveller, 10, Victoria street, St.
Stephen’s road
Youngs, Crawshay and Youngs, brewers, maltsters, and spirit merchants,
King street
Youngs, Mr. John, West End street, Holl’s lane, Heigham
Youngs, Mr. John, (see Youngs, Crawshay, and Youngs); h 11, Richmond hill
Youngs, Mary Ann, baker, St. Stephen’s street
Youngs, Peter, Richmond tavern, Richmond hill
Youngs, Robert C., (see Youngs, Crawshay, and Youngs) Lower King street
Youngs, William, Carpenters’ Arms, Trowse
Zipfel, Charles, watch and clock maker, Magdalen street
Zipfel, John, watchmaker, Lower King street
Zipfel, Matthew, watch and clock maker, Bridge street, St. George’s
Zobel, Mrs. Margaret, dressmaker, Rupert street, Union place



CLASSIFICATION
OF
TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


_Academies and Schools_ (_For Public Schools_, _see under Public
Information_)


Abel, Mrs., (day) Unthank’s road
Appleton, Mrs. Anna, (day) St. Augustine’s
Bardwell, Miss Adlian, (day) St. Stephen’s gates
Barker, Mrs. Eliza, (boarding) Grove road, Lakenham
Bateman, Mrs. Mary, (day) St. Stephen’s road
Bell, Miss L., (day) Synagogue street
Blakely, The Misses, (boarding and day) St. Giles’ road
Blogg, W., (day) Upper King street
Body, Elizabeth M., (day) Adelaide street, Heigham
Boyden, The Misses, (boarding and day) Pottergate street
Brook, William, (boarding) Grey Friar’s Priory, King street
Burrage, Frederick J., (boarding and day) Golden Dog lane
Burrage, John Charles, (boarding and day) Castle hill
Campling, Mrs. Eliza Jane, (boarding and day) Castle hill
Carver, Mrs. Ruth, West Pottergate street
Chalker, Elizabeth, (day) Till’s court, Ber street
Codling, Arthur John, (boarding and day) Magdalen street
Coldwell, Amelia, (boarding and day) St. Clement’s Church alley
Cooke, Miss Mary H., (day) Distillery street, Heigham
Crowe, Miss Elizabeth, (boarding) Calvert street
Dunnett, Mrs. Mary, (boarding and day) Surrey street
Dye, Miss Harriet, 5, Grapes’ hill
Farnell, James Thomas, (boarding and day) St. Giles’ street
Farnell, William Keeling (boarding) Theatre street
Finegan, Mrs., Cow hill
Froggett, Ellen, (boarding) Sussex st.
Gilbert, Mrs., (day) Gildengate street
Golding, Mary Ann, (day) St. Paul’s Back lane
Green, Elizabeth, (day) Palace street
Hardyman, Miss Sarah, (boarding) Bracondale
Harmer, Miss Ann, (day) Distillery street, Heigham
Hart, Miss Catherine, (boarding) 14, Victoria street
Heasell, the Misses, (boarding) Surrey road
Holmes, Mrs. Esther, St. Stephen’s rd.
Hovell, Elizabeth, (day) Rupert street
Howard, Miss Anne, (boarding) Unthank’s road
Hupton, Mrs. Frances, (day) Hall road, Lakenham
Ives, Miss Ann Sarah, (boarding) 13, the Crescent
Johnson, S. and A., (day) Rose lane
Kempster, Mrs., (boarding) Westbeech house, St. Benedict’s road
Lake, William, (classical and commercial) St. Benedict’s road
Lincoln, Mrs. Mary Ann, (infant) Hall road, Lakenham
Lincolne, Miss Elizabeth, (boarding) Surrey street
Ling, Harriet, (day) Bethel street
Ling, Henry, (classical & commercial) Unthank’s road
Ling, Mrs. J. A., (day) 23, Sussex st.
May, Eleanor, (infant) St. Mary’s pln.
Mays, Mrs. C., (day) Magdalen road
Mills, Miss Ann, (for young gentlemen) Unthank’s road
Nelson, William, (day) William street
Nicholson, Miss C., the Chantry
Paul, Wm. F., (boarding) Bracondale
Phillips, Miss E., Chatham place, Chapel Field road
Plummer, Susan, (preparatory) Plummer’s yard, St. Martin’s
Priest, Mrs. Henry, (boarding, young gentlemen) Pottergate street
Pye, Mrs. Ann Rebecca, (day) Alma terrace, St. Augustine’s gates
Quinton, Mrs. E., (preparatory) Charles street
Redgrave, Misses, (boarding) Priory, St. Stephen’s
Reeve, Miss E. S., (day) Kimberley st.
Reynolds, Mrs. J., (day) Coslany st.
Sayer, the Misses, (boarding) New road, Town close
Seaman, Martha, (day) West End street, Holl’s lane
Sheppard, Mrs. Ann, (boarding) St. Benedict’s plain
Slack, Mrs. E., Grove pl., Lakenham
Spratt, Miss Sarah, Bethel street
Stageman, Miss S., (day) Brazen Doors road
Staines, Mrs. A., St. Stephen’s gates
Stannard, Miss E., (boarding) Rose lane
Stevens, Mrs. M., (day) Kimberley st.
Stocks, Mrs. Maria, (day and boarding) St. Benedict’s gates
Tayler, Mrs. E., (day and boarding), Grove place, Lakenham
Tyler, Mrs. Adelaide, (day) Lothian street, Heigham
Watson, Miss M. A., (day) John str., Rose lane
Wilson, Misses E. and C., (boarding) Grove house, Newmarket road
Wright, Mrs. M. A., (day and boarding) Gildengate street


_Accountants_—


Bardwell, G. S., St. Stephen’s road, (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 5)
Kempster, John, Davey place
Kerry, George Caythorpe, Elm hill
Roach Edward, Southwell road
Shields, Joseph W., Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Starling, Thomas, Victoria street


_Agents_—


Baldry, George, (land) Newmarket rd.
Baldry, Wm., (land) St. Stephen’s rd.
Bardwell, George Syder, (estate and insurance) St. Stephen’s road (_see
Advertisement_, _page_ 5)
Bateman, J., and Son, (general commission) Gildengate street
Beart, R. H., (commercial) Bethel st.
Butcher, William, and Sons, (land) Theatre street
Campling, J., (commission) Castle hill
Churchill, Wm., (commission) Pitt st.
Clowes and Flowerdew, (land) Bank chambers, Bank place
Cossey, John, (estate) Gildengate str.
Creasby, Edmund, (commission) Colegate street
Croxford, Edward, (for the London Printing and Publishing Company) 33,
Magdalen street
Didwell, William, (house) Catton road
Ellis, John, (land) Bank plain
Esperett, William Henry, (house and estate) Distillery street
Francis, Thos., (estate) Newmarket rd.
Gorell, Robert A., (yarn) Muspole st.
Griggs, William, St. Benedict’s street
Gunn, R., (commission) 11, Julian st.
Hewitt, John, (land) Theatre street
Hobrough, William, (general) Thorpe hamlet
Horne, John, (estate) Castle meadow
Horner, C., (land) St. Martin at Palace
Ives, Geo., (estate) Crown Bank plain
Johnston, F., agent for Virtue & Co., publishers, Jay’s terrace, Rose
lane
Kempster, John (estate) Davey place
Leath, Thomas Thorne, (house and estate) Charles street, Heigham
Mason, H. J., (estate) Pottergate st.
Metcalf, William, (estate) Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Millard & Son, (land) Prince’s street
Nash, Robert, (general) West End street, Heigham
Nelson, J. W., (for Blackie and Son, publishers) Upper St. Giles
Newton, Edward J., (land) Bethel st.
Newton, William, (land) Tombland
Ninham, J., The Cottage, Mousehold
Nockolds, Henry, (commission) Fox and Hounds’ court, Ber street
Norman, Robert, (house) 6, York place, Chapel Field road
Paterson, Charles, (for Fullarton and Co., publishers) 5, Davey place
Poll, Samuel, (house) Magdalen street
Pratt, Hornor, and Morgan, (land) Queen street
Pymar, John, (wool, silk, cotton, and yarn), Castle meadow
Slubley, William, (house and land) Chapel Field road
Sparks, F. W., (estate) St. Giles’
Spelman, William, and Sons, (land) St. Giles’ street, and Yarmouth
Stacey, Edward, (house and land) Newmarket road
Thirtle, Thomas, (estate and commission) 2, Bridewell alley
Townshend, J., (house) Trafalgar str.
Waddington, Jas., (estate) St. Julian’s street, Ber street
White, William, (estate) St. Gregory’s Church alley
Willett, Charles, (manure and agricultural implements) 5, Great Orford
street
Wright, James and Son, (land) Bank chambers
Wright, Robt. J., (land) Queen street
Wright and Woodrow, (land) Queen street


_Agricultural Implement Makers_ (_see also Engineers_)—


Barnard, Bishop, and Barnards, Market place
Bensted, William, Castle meadow
Blyth, R. and F., Ber street
Buck, John, Grove place, Lakenham
Campling, James, Golden Ball street
Cudbard, Charles, Theatre street
Hewitt, George, Orford hill
Holmes and Sons, Prospect Place works, Globe lane
Howard, Riches, and Watts, Duke’s palace (_see Advertisement_)
Mallett, Charles, Fishgate street
Murrell, W. and Co., Crook’s place
Slack, Jacob H., Grapes’ hill
Sparke and Co., Thorn lane and Castle hill (_see Advertisement_, _pp._
36, 37, 38)
Turner, James Mangles, St. Martin’s at Palace


_Ale and Porter Merchants_—


Barwell and Sons, St. Stephen’s st., London st., and St. Andrew’s hill
Cannell, Hannah, Unthank’s road
Caston, John, St. Benedict’s gates
Hubbard, James, Magdalen street
Morrison and Co., Market place
Norgate and Co., St. Stephen’s street
Phillips, John, Eagle and Child, Golden Ball street
Seaman, Grimmer, and Co., St. John’s Maddermarket


_Architects_ (_see also Surveyors_)—


Benest, E. E., (and Surveyor to the Corporation) Board of Health offices,
Castle meadow
Benest and Newson, Bank Chambers
Brown, John, King street
Bunn, John, 20, Pottergate street
Esperett, William H., Distillery street
Hinsbey, T. W., 18, Castle meadow
Jeckell, Thomas, Queen street
Kitton, Robert, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’
Mear, Wm., Surrey house, Surrey rd.


_Artists_ (_see also Professors and Photographic Artists_)—


Blazeby, William, Bethel street
Blazeby, James, Bethel street
Burgess, John, Willow Cottage, Lower close
Cunningham, Edward, Ber street
Downes, Thomas, Bethel street
Freeman, William, Pottergate street
Goose, Wm. H., 15, Briggs’ street
Hodgson, David, Grey Friars, Priory lane, King street
Housego, Wm., 21, Upper King street
Ladbrooke, J. B., Thorpe hamlet
Marshall, Edward, Timberhill street
Ninham, Henry, 12, Chapel field
Sands, Anthony, Grapes’ hill
Stannard, A., King street, Crook’s pl.
Thurgar, Willm. T., Unthank’s road


_Attornies_ (_see Solicitors_)—
_Auctioneers and Appraisers_—


Butcher, Wm. and Sons, Theatre str.
Clarke and Hunter, Dove street
Clowes and Flowerdew, Bank Chambers, Bank place
Foulsham, Thomas, Westlegate street, (_see Advertisement_, _page_ 28)
Grand, John, Lady’s lane
Hudbud and Son, Charing cross
Ives, George, Crown Bank plain
Kempster, John, Davey place
Mason, Henry John, Pottergate street
Ray, Orlando D., Upper King street
Sparks, Francis W., St. Giles’ street
Spelman, Wm. and Sons, St. Giles’ street and Yarmouth
Wilde, William, Post Office street


_Axletree and Spring Maker_—


Gilbert, George, Timberhill street


_Baby Linen Warehouses_—


Canham, Mrs. Emma, 68½, St. Stephen’s street
Shearing, Miss S., Rampant Horse st.
Williams, Elizabeth, 9, London street


_Bakers_ (_see also Confectioners_)—


Alden, Edward, Oak st., St. Martin’s
Alexander, Henry, Heigham street
Anderson, Joseph, Pump street
Artis, Francis, Castle meadow
Ayton, John, St. Augustine’s street
Baldwin, Henry, Oak street
Bardwell, Ann, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Barker, Harriet, St. Benedict’s street
Barker, Samuel, Somerleyton street
Barnes, Edward R., Thorn lane
Baxter, Mrs. Maria, Brazen Doors rd.
Beckham, John Rix, Cowgate street
Bennett, Emily, Ber street
Bennett, Henry, Orford hill
Bennett, Maria, Wellington street
Bennett, Robert, West Pottergate st.
Bennett, Robert, City road, Heigham
Bennett, Samuel, Cowgate street
Benslyn, Thomas, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Berry, George John, Ber street
Betts, John Samuel, Coslany street
Blyth, Josiah, Adelaide str., Heigham
Bone, Francis, St. Benedict’s street
Brock, Samuel, St. Augustine’s street
Brock, William, Oak street
Brown, B., City road, Lakenham
Brown, John, Muspole street
Brown, Maria, Lower Westwick street
Brown, Sophia, Philadelphia
Burrage, Edward, Julian street, Julian place
Buxton, Stephen, Thorpe hamlet
Cannell, Robert, King street
Catling, Alfred, Carrow hill
Cattermole, W., Front Row, Lakenham
Cettermer, Isaac, Barrack street
Chiddick, Francis J., Magdalen street
Claxton, Walter, New Catton
Crowfoot, George, Prince’s street
Daniels, Robert, Rosemary lane
Daplyn, Mrs. Mary, St. Augustine’s
Davison, Matthew, Rising Sun lane
Dawson, William, St. Martin’s lane
Ding, James, 45, Pottergate street
Dunn, John, West Pottergate street
Empson, Ezra, St. James’ street
Faulke, Robt., Queen st., Crook’s place
Fitt, John Mason, Coburg street
Folk, Charles, St. Augustine’s street
Fox, Mary, Lower Close
Fox, William, Cowgate street
Freeman, James, 15, St. Giles’ street
Freeman, W., Chapel st., Union place
Freestone, Anthony, Fye Bridge
Freestone, Samuel, Old Church road, Lakenham
Gedge, Wm., Chapel st., Union place
Gibson, Wm., St. Catherine’s plain
Gill, James, Lower Westwick street
Girling, Elizabeth, New Catton
Graver, Thomas, St. Paul’s plain
Haddon, Mary Ann, Rose lane
Hall, Harriet, Gildengate street
Hall, Henry, Thorn lane
Hannant, Nathaniel, Magdalen street
Harden, Charles, Heigham street
Hardy, Michael, St. Catherine’s plain
Harrison, Mrs., Elm hill
Harrison, Wm., (muffin) St. Andrew’s hill
Harrison, William T., Golden Ball st.
Harvey, James, Fishgate street
Harvey, Samuel, Fishgate street
Hatch, Frederick, William street
Hewitt, Thomas, Rising Sun lane
Higgin, Henry, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Hill, Reuben, King street
Howard, Daniel, Barrack street
Howard, Z., New Catton
Hull, William Henry, Coslany street
Isaac, E., Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Jay, John, 12, West Pottergate street
Johnson, John Sewell, Cowgate street
Kahler, John Henry, Rose lane
Lacey, Esau, Bishopgate street
Lake, James, Colegate street
Lake, Samuel, Colegate street
Land, Henry, Rupert street
Larkman, William, Lower King street
Leach, Jas., Union st., Crook’s place
Leggett, Daniel, Silver road
Leman, Thomas, All Saints’ street
Le Neve, Charles, Fishgate street
Lincoln, James, Thorpe hamlet
Lincoln, James, Lower King street
Long, Joseph Page, St. James’ street
Lowe, Alfred, Holl’s lane
Lowe, Frederick, Ber street gates
Lowe, George, Mousehold
Lowe, Joseph, Gildengate street
Marris, J., Golding st., Dereham road
Marshall, R., Regent st., Crook’s place
Marshall, Robert, Magdalen street
Massingham, Robert, Bethel street
Miller, Alfred, St. Stephen’s gates
Miller, Walter, Upper King street
Mitchell, Frederick, Palace street
Musk, William F., Oak street
Myhill, Ann, St. Martin’s palace
Newson, Henry Richard, Ber street
Newman, Samuel, Trowse
Page, Mary, Timberhill street
Parker, Clare, Oak street
Parr, John, Upper St. Giles’ street
Pinching, William, Bethel street
Platford, William, Heigham street
Proudfoot, Elizabeth and Ann, Trowse
Pummell, James, Ten Bell lane
Roofe, Ann, Thorpe hamlet
Rose, Philip, Coslany street
Rose, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street
Russell, W., Old Church st., Lakenham
Sheppard, Elizabeth, Upper Market
Shreeve, George, Tinkler’s lane
Skerritt, George, Upper Regent street, Union place
Smith, James W., Stump cross
Smith, John Joseph, Ber street
Smith, John William, Dove street
Smith, William R., St. Benedict’s st.
Southgate, John G., Upper Heigham
Stafford, William, Vauxhall street
Stafford, William, Brazen Doors road
Stannard, Robt. J., Little London st.
Steward, George, Bull Close
Stockings, Jonathan, Newmarket rd.
Sullivan, Stephen, St. Margaret’s plain
Tann, Mrs. Hannah, Charing cross
Taylor, John Martin, St. Mary’s plain
Tuck, Robert D., Vauxhall street
Tuck, Robert, Wensum street
Tuck, Robert A., Lower Goat lane
Tuttell, A. M., Trafalgar st. Lakenham
Walker, Amos, Infirmary road
Waller, Thomas, Cowgate street
Ward, George, Little Orford street
Welch, James R. J., Lower King st.
Welch, Harriet, Lower King street
Welch, Mary Ann, Lower King street
Winter, George, Timberhill street
Winter, Robert, Coburg street
Winter, Samuel, Pitt street
Woodward, Charles, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Wollistone, S., Cherry st., Lakenham
Young, Thomas, Magdalen street
Youngs, Mary Ann, St. Stephen’s st.


_Bankers_—


Gurneys and Birkbecks, Bank plain
Harvey and Hudson, Crown bank, King street
East of England, Haymarket (W. S. Wilson, manager)
Savings’ Bank, Haymarket (W. C. Hotson, superintendent)


_Barometer and Thermometer Maker_—


Ellison, Mrs. Frances, Dove street


_Barristers_—


Brown, William J. U., St. Giles’ road
Cooper, Carlos, Orford hill
Drewry, John Henry, Mousehold
Evans, Charles, King street
Hotson, W. C., Grey Friars, King st.
Reeve, Simms, 18, St. Giles’ street


_Basket Makers_—


Beales, Mrs., Wensum street
Burman, Henry, Oak street
Cushing, John, Magdalen street
Gay and Co., Upper market
Green, Robert, Upper Westwick st.
Hovell, William, Charing cross
Mason, Samuel, Ber street
Mitchell, Robert, Pitt street
Raymes, Robert, Rupert street
Thayne, Edward, Upper Westwick st.


_Beer Retailers_ (_see also Publicans_)—


Angell, Robert, Coburg street
Atkins, Thomas, Heigham street
Attle, Samuel, Ber street
Balls, Frederick, St. Benedict’s street
Banham, R., Northumberland street
Barber, Joseph, Ber street
Barker, Benjamin, Orford hill
Barker, John, Magdalen street
Bell, Mary, Botolph street
Bensley, John, Oak street
Berry, Swithin, Brazen Doors road
Blyth, William, Ber street
Bray, Robert, Ber street
Briggs, William Henry, New Catton
Bryant, Samuel, Thorn lane
Buck, George, Mill street, Lakenham
Burrell, E., Church street, St. Miles’
Burrows, Mrs. Mary, Colegate street
Bush, John, Fishgate street
Carver, William, Trowse
Catchpole, John, Cowgate street
Cattermoule, Thomas, Ber street
Chalker, Mary Ann, Coslany street
Clark, William, Timberhill street
Claxton, George A., Fishgate street
Clayton, Thomas, Barrack street
Colby, Samuel, St. Giles’ hill
Collett, Robert G., White Friars’ st.
Cook, William, Ber street
Cossey, Robert, Oak street
Crotch, William, Oak street
Cubitt, James, Lower King street
Cushing, William, Magdalen street
Daynes, Robert, St. Margaret’s street
Decaux, David, St. Augustine’s street
Diver, Mrs. Mary Ann, Gildengate st.
Dugdale, Robert, Cowgate street
Durrant, Zachariah, Coslany street
Dye, Henry, Upper King street
Earl, John, Magdalen street
Easton, Haylett, Magdalen street
Ellis, Samuel, Oak street
Ellison, William, King Street gates
Fountain, Mary Ann, King street
Freeman, Samuel, Quay side
Gower, William, Lower Goat lane
Hazlewood, Christmas A., Trafalgar st.
Hendry, James, Lower Westwick st.
Hewitt, W., St. Mary’s Church alley
Hickling, Robert, Duke street
High, John, St. Benedict’s street
Holmes, Edmund, Lower Westwick st.
Holmes, Edmund, Upper King street
Howard, Ann, Fishgate street
Howes, Henry, Lower King street
Huggins, Charles, King street
Humphery, Susan, Sussex street
James, Wallace, St. John’s street
Jefferies, W., Oak street, St. Martin’s
Kedge, Robert, Duke street
Knevett, Henry, Unthank’s road
Larkman, Robert, Lower Westwick st.
Lawn, Lubbock, Upper Westwick st.
Lincoln, R., Mill street, Lakenham
Livock, Henry Briggs, Lower King st.
Marrison, J., Bridge st., St. Andrew’s
Middleton, T., Bridge st., St. Miles’
Middleton, William, Coslany street
Mills, Mary Ann, Lower Goat lane
Minus, Robert, Cowgate street
Mollett, Alexander, Colegate street
Moore, Elizabeth, Lower Westwick st.
Moore, William, Ber street
Newman, William H., Heigham street
Nobbs, H., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Nobbs, John, Chapel Field road
Nockolds, Thomas, Lower King st.
Nunn, Mary, Greyhound opening, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Ostler, Charles Henry, Pump street
Pearce, William, Grapes’ hill
Perfect, Joseph, Lower Westwick st.
Playford, A., St. George’s Bridge st.
Plunkett, John, St. Augustine’s
Poll, David, St. George’s Bridge st.
Pope, John, Barrack street
Quintin, Jane St., Barrack street
Ramsey, James, Ber street
Riches, Thomas, Pump street
Rose, James, King street
Rudrum, Isaac S., Pottergate street
Seaman, Mrs. M., St. James’ street
Seeley, John, St. Augustine’s street
Self, Thomas, Red Lion street
Snelling, Thomas, King street
Spooner, Edward, Barrack street
Stanton, Robert, King street
Stone, Edward, King street
Stubbs, Maria, Barrack street
Thompson, William, Lower King str.
Tilney, Henry, Magdalen street
Tuffs, William, Botolph street
Wade, Thomas, Pitt street
Warnes, Thomas, Cowgate street
Watts, Harriet, Lower King street
Weavers, Robert, Heigham street
Websdale, James, Lower King street
Webster, William, Ber street
Wells, Jeremiah, Botolph street
Whall, John, Cowgate street
Williams, Henry, King Street gates
Winter, John, Barrack street
Wright, Thos., Long row, New Catton


_Bell-hangers_ (_see Whitesmiths_, _&c._)—
_Berlin Wool and Fancy Repositories_—


Duffield, Miss A., Gildengate street
Ellison, Mrs. Frances, Dove street
Ganley, James, London street
Hipperson and Jennings, Davey place
Holder, Stephen, St. Stephen’s street
Klein, Mrs. A., Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Lovett and Kidd, Bank street
Ransome, Harriet, 18, The Walk
Ringer, William, 7, The Walk
Rump, John, 8, Old Haymarket
Tubb, William Henry, London street
White, A. and D., 8, London street
Spauls, M. A., 7, Briggs’ street
Warman, Z., Bedford street


_Billiard Rooms_—


Kemp, Henry, Market place
Ulph, Henry, W., Old Post-office yard


_Bird and Animal Preservers_—


Bullock, John, Lower Westwick street
Knight, Thomas, Upper King street
Sayer, John, Upper St. Giles’


_Birmingham and Sheffield Warehouses_—


Boswell, Thomas, (and perambulator maker), St. John’s Maddermarket
Caprani, L., and Co., White Lion st.
Hyams, E., St. Andrew’s Hall plain


_Blacking Manufacturers_—


Clarke, Richard, Muspole street
Holmes, William, Coburg street
Homes and Son, Anchor court, Surrey street


_Blacksmiths_—


Baldson, William, Chalk hill, Thorpe hamlet
Banham, Henry, Holl’s lane
Beaton, John, King street
Bollison, William, Thorpe hamlet
Brooks, John, All Saints’ street
Brown, William, Lower King street
Child, Stephen, Chapel Field road
Cock, William, Ber Street gates
Cook, James, Pitt street
Cook, John, Dial yard, Coslany street
Cox, Alfred, St. Stephen’s
Daniels, Robert, Trowse
Daynes, George, Oak street
Finch, William, Wagon and Horses lane, Tombland
Forder, James, Chapel Field road
Franklin, C., Cardigan st., Heigham
Freeman, Jeremiah, Barn road
Laws, Robert, Lothian street
Laws, Robert, Dereham road
Lebbell, Thomas, Heigham street
Leggatt, John, Scoles’ green
Norman, Elizabeth Maria, King st.
Pank, James, King street
Palmer, John and W., St. Augustine’s
Riches, William, Barn road
Rogers, John, Muspole street
Shalders, T., Hay hill, Market place
Shreeve, J., (shoeing) Magdalen st.
Thaxter, John, Barrack street
Warner, James, Trafalgar street
Wegg, Christopher, Fishgate street


_Blind Makers_ (_see Venetian Blind Makers_)—
_Boat Builders_—


Britcher, John, Carrow abbey
Fisher, James, Oak street
Hobrough, William, Bishop’s bridge
Houghton, Robert, St. Faith’s lane
Houghton, Robert, Orford hill
Petch, William, Barrack street
Smith, Joseph, Oak street
Smith, William, Oak street


_Boiler Makers_—


Campling, James, Golden Ball street
Le Fevre, Thomas, St. Stephen’s str.
Sharon, Anthony, Pottergate street
Thompson, Robert, Castle street, and Colegate street
Thompson, Robt., jun., St. Clement’s
Tidman, Robert, Thorpe hamlet


_Bone Crushers_ (_see also Manure Manufacturers_)—


Bagshaw, George, Coslany street
Brown, Robert, St. Benedict’s lane
Parker, Thomas, St. Stephen’s street


_Bookbinders_—


Bardwell, Marcus Gill, Prince’s street (_see Advertisement_)
Barnes, C., Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Campling, James, Westlegate street
Cattermoul, Wm., 22, White Lion str.
Colby, Richard, Golden Dog lane
Cundall and Miller, (late Priest) Rampant Horse street
Fletcher, Josiah, 8, The Walk
Grinter, Charles E., Gildengate street
Jarrold and Sons, London and Exchange streets
Kerr, Stephen John, All Saints’ green
Liffen, John P., Gildengate street
Norman, Benjamin, Old Haymarket
Otty, Philip, Orford hill
Pigg, Henry, London street
Quinton, John, 36, Pottergate street
Read, Charles Thomas, Graham’s court, Upper market
Stacy, Henry W., Haymarket
Steward, Samuel, Prince’s street
Upcroft, William, Fishgate street


_Booksellers and Stationers_—


Bacon, Richard N., 12, London street
Bramwell, Daniel Kellard, Upper St. Giles’ street
Croxford, Henry, Tombland
Cundall and Miller, (late Priest) Rampant Horse street
Fletcher, Josiah, 8, The Walk
Fuller, Thos. B., St. Stephen’s street
Gooch, Robert, (second-hand) White Lion street
Hardesty, Alexander, 4, Davey place
Hunt, Alfred, Orford hill
Jarrold and Sons, London and Exchange streets
Jeans, Edwin, White Lion street
Jeary, Robert, Bridewell alley
Jolly, Robert, (stationer) Vauxhall st.
Lain, Edward, Elm hill
Matchett and Stevenson, Chronicle office, Market place
Newman, Samuel, St. Giles’ street
Pigg, Henry, 7, London street
Puncher, William, Bank street, and White Lion street
Slater, John, Castle hill
Stacy, Henry W., Haymarket
True, S., (stationer) St. Augustine’s
Wilson, George, Castle street


_Boot Lace Manufacturers_—


Crisp, John, Heigham Causeway
Cullington, Mary Ann, Queen street


_Boot and Shoe Makers_ (_see also Boot and Shoe Manufacturers_)—


Abbott, William, 22, Magdalen street
Alden, J., St. John’s Maddermarket
Alexander, Benjamin, Southgate st.
Allen, Mrs. Marianne and Co., (ready-made) 14, Briggs’ street
Allman, William, Coburg street
Andrews, Robert, Chapel st., Crook’s place
Auker, John, 71, St. Stephen’s
Baker, William Osborn, St. Augustine’s Church alley
Bales, William, Hall road
Basey, Robert, Calvert street
Bassingthwaighte, W., Upper market
Batterbee, John, St. John’s Maddermarket
Bell, Charles, Botolph street
Bell, James, Muspole street
Bell, Michael, Botolph street
Bennett, Austin, Cowgate street
Bennett, John, St. Miles’ Church st.
Blyth, John, Earlham road
Blyth, William Bates, Bethel street
Bone, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street
Borking, James, Upper Westwick st.
Bowhill, Henry, St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Buck, Charles Harrison, Back of the Inns (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 19)
Burgess, William, Coslany street
Burrows, Edward, Oak street
Burrows, William, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Calver, John, Church st., St. Simon’s
Calver, Thomas, St. Giles’ street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 16)
Canham, W., Lower Westwick street
Cannell, George Symonds, Ber street
Carter, John, Peacock street
Carver, Charles, Wellington street
Carver, William, Trowse
Challis, Thomas, London street
Clark, Thomas, Coburg street
Clarke, David, Golden Ball street
Clarke, Robert N., White Friars’ st.
Cletheroe, William, Botolph street
Coe, Robert, Philadelphia
Cogman, B., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Collins, James, 4, Davey place
Cook, Edward T., 21, White Lion st.
Cook, Henry, Magdalen road
Cook, Philip, Fishgate street
Copeman, E., Union st., Crook’s place
Copeman, William, Lower King street
Copley George, Pottergate street
Cork, Andrew Thompson, Waddington street, Heigham
Cott, Robert, Julian st., Union place
Cousins, John, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Cox, John, Magdalen street
Cox, Samuel, Wellington street
Crawford, William, Bank plain
Carle, Robert, King street
Daines, James, Holl’s lane
Davis, Edward, Youell’s buildings, New Lakenham
Dawson, Robert, Lame Dog road
Daynes, J., Lord Nelson, Trafalgar st.
Dearly, William, Thorpe hamlet
Decaux, Shakespeare, St. Augustine’s
Denmark, William, Barrack street
Dobson, Robert, Rose valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Drake, Francis, Coslany street
Drake, Robert, King street
Dunn, James, Pitt street
Elwes, Jonathan, St. Stephen’s road
Fenn, Thomas, 35, Pottergate street
Fish, John, Grout’s thoroughfare, Timberhill street
Fish, Thomas, 51, Pottergate street
Fisher, F., Chapel street, Crook’s place
Fisher, Joseph, Lower King street
Fox, William, Russell street
Freeman, R., Upper Westwick street
Fuller, John, Quay side
Gardner, Thompson, Mount Pleasant
Gay, James, City road, Heigham fields
Gaze, James, Pottergate street
Gedge, Robert, Ber street
Gent, George, Coslany street
Gibson, John, Pitt street
Goffin, Mrs. M. E., Palace street
Goldsmith, James, Back of the Inns
Good, Thomas, Bridge street, St. George’s (_see advertisement_, _page_
13)
Gooke, David, Rose lane
Grand, Robert, Duke street
Graver, Richard, Ber street
Griffiths, John, Globe st., Union place
Groom, John, St. Lawrence lane
Grove, Richard, Ber street
Hagg, Noah, Sussex street
Haldinstein, Philip, Bridewell alley
Hall, Robert, Pottergate street
Hall, Timothy Bennet, Pottergate st.
Hammond, Jonathan, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Hammond, William, Cross lane
Hardy, John, Golden Ball square
Hardy, Jonathan, Upper Westwick st.
Harold, Philip, Bridge st., St. Miles’
Harrison, Robert, Elm hill
Harrison, William, Bridewell alley
Harvey, John, 11, London street
Hawes, Samuel, Bridge st., St. Miles’
Haylett, David, Pottergate street
Hewitt, G., West End st., Heigham
High, Jacob, Tinkler’s lane
Holl, George, All Saints’ green
Holl, William, Castle street
Holl, W. G., Suffolk st., Union place
Holmes, Robert, St. Giles’
Homes, John, Surrey street
Horth, William, Bridge st., St. Miles’
Howard, James, Bridge st., St. Miles
Howard, R., St. Miles’ church alley
Howard, Samuel, Peacock street
Howes, Abraham, Rampant horse st.
Howes, Charles, Magdalen street
Howes, Richard, Magdalen street
Howes, Thomas, Russell street
Howes, William, Heigham Causeway
Hudson, G. E., West Pottergate street
Hudson, John, West Pottergate street
Hunt, Joseph William, Trafalgar st.
Hurry, John, Cross lane, St. George’s
Jordan, Mrs. R. E., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Kedenton, S., Bridge st., St. Andrew’s
Kent, Robert, London street
Knights, Robert, Eldon row, Chapel field road
Lake, James, Red Lion street
Lamb, Frederick, Adelaide street
Lambert, Charles, Fishgate street
Lanham, Gilbert, Lower King street
Larke, Edward Norman, Ber street
Larkman, James, Tinkler’s lane, Dereham road
Larn, Samuel, Magdalen street
Larn, W., St. Margaret’s church alley
Lee, William, All Saints’ green
Levern, James, Calvert street
Littell, Charles, White Lion street
Lock, Henry, St. Stephen’s street
Lombe, William, St. James’ street
Loombe, Thomas, Timberhill street
Mann, Samuel, Magdalen street
Marshall and Goffin, Palace street
Mason, Thomas, Long row, Hall road
May, James, Upper St. Giles’
Maydwell, James, Bethel street
Merry, Robert John, King street gates
Minns, William, Rising Sun lane
Moore, Luke, Upper Heigham
Morter, William, Ber street
Munford, S., Mount St. Helen, Thorpe
Nobbs, James, St. George’s Bridge st.
North, Thomas, Ber street
Norton, George, St. Stephen’s street
Norton, James, Brazen Doors road
Palmer, Robert, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Phill, Ambrose, Willow lane
Pond, James, Adelaide street
Pratt, John, Coslany street
Pratt, Thomas, Union place
Ralph, John, King st., Crook’s place
Ramsey, James, Ber street
Randall, James, Magdalen street
Reynolds, Laban, Chapel st., Crook’s place
Roberts, James, Timberhill street
Ruburt, Justus, Lower Westwick st.
Sacret, Thomas, Magdalen street
Sampson, H., Charles street, Heigham
Sampson, William, 24, Bethel street
Scott, John T., Magdalen street
Scott, John, Ber Street gates
Seer, William George, Botolph street
Severn, James, Calvert street
Shephard, W., Mill lane, New Catton
Skilling, William, St. George’s plain
Smith, Henry, Ber street
Smith, W., Chapel loke, Surrey road
Smith, W. W., Trory st., Lakenham
Snelling, William, Orford hill
Sursham, Henry D., Ten Bell lane
Taylor, Henry, Boarded court, Ber st.
Tench, James, Spitalfields
Terrington, W., Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Thirtle, James, Lower Westwick st.
Thirtle, Thomas, Bridewell alley
Thompson, Daniel, Upper King st.
Thompson, John, St. Peter’s steps, Market place
Thompson, Thomas, Botolph street
Tinkley, Mrs. E., Rampant Horse st.
Toll, William, Ber Street gates
Toogood, William, Aylsham road
Turner, Charles, Mousehold
Turner, William, jun., Palace street
Utting, John, Gildengate street
Utting, Robert, Ber street
Ward, Thomas W., St. Benedict’s st.
Warne, Samuel, Russell street
Watering, Jeremiah, Southwell street
Webster, Robert, Lower Westwick st.
Webster, S., 14, Timberhill street
White, George, Upper Goat lane
Willement, John, Dereham road
Williamson, Mrs. M. A., St. Stephen’s street
Woolmer, Clement A., St. George’s Bridge street
Wright and Base, London street
Wright, Thomas, Pump street


_Boot and Shoe Manufacturers_ (_wholesale_) _see also Boot and Shoe
makers_—


Abbott, William, 22, Magdalen street
Banham, John, Botolph street
Barber, Thomas, 6 General’s buildings, near the Barracks
Barker, Benjamin, & Co., York Tavern passage, Orford hill
Barker, B., Hall road, Lakenham
Bostock, E. and T. (top makers), Swan lane and Pottergate street
Boston, William, Orford hill
Brett, Isaac, Upper King street
Burrows, W., St. Clement’s church alley
Buttifant, T., Adelaide st., Heigham
Caspar, George, & Co., Wensum street
Clarke, Henry and George S., Gildengate street
Clarke, John, Distillery street
Colby, John, King’s buildings, Union place
Cook, Robert, Pottergate street
Copperwheat, Charles, Back Mill st., Crook’s place
Coppin, Edward, 8, York place, Chapel Field road
Cousins, Thomas, 61, Bethel street
Crisp, George, Vauxhall street
Cunningham, Edwin, Ebenezer street
Davies and Son, Calvert street
Dean, James, Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Ford, William, & Son, Colegate street
Freeman, Edward, St. Martin’s lane
Fryer, William, Ber street
Gibson, Robert, St. Stephen’s street
Groom, George, St. Stephen’s street
Harris, James Thomas, Ber street
Harrison, Alfred, Bridewell alley
Hipper W., Upper Westwick street
Hogg, Noah, Sussex street
Homan and Co., Bethel street
Horne, Robert, Little London street
Hotblack, John, & Co., Orford hill
Jennings, Samuel, Theatre street
Johnson, Gilman, and Co., Pottergate street
Joseph and Samuel, Timberhill
Kemp, William and Son, Pitt street
Lincoln, James, 14, Pottergate street
Lloyd, J. A. and Co., Davey place
Lulham, Edwin W., Bethel street
Martin, Benjamin A., St. Gregory’s Church alley
Martin, G. and R., St. Gregory’s Church alley
Mayfield, James, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Middleton, John, St. Augustine’s st.
Oxborough, B., Richmond hill
Palmer and Hardman, Manchester buildings, Union place
Pigg, Samuel and Sons, Haymarket
Pond, James, Barrack yard, St. Miles’
Reynolds, L., St. Catherine’s plain
Rogers, Samuel, Gun lane
Soman, David, Muspole street
Stapleton, Robert, corner of Pottergate street and St. John’s street
Suffolk, G., Fountain square, Union sq.
Swann, James, Magdalen street
Tillyard and Howlett, St. George’s pl.
Tillyard and Son, Elm hill
Trueman, James, Pottergate street
Watling, Simon, Cowgate street
Whitlan, Henry, Adelaide street
Winter, Charles, Upper market
Woodgate, Philip, Castle street
Woodrow, W., Church walk, Lakenham
Woodyard, James, Oak street
Wortley, Thomas, William street
Wyatt, Henry, Upper King street


_Box Manufacturers_—


Palmer, J., Lower Westwick street
Rudd, Mrs. H., St. Stephen’s Back st.
Saul, Joseph, West Pottergate street


_Brass Founders_ (_see also Iron and Brass Founders_)—


Warner, William and Co., St. Giles’ street


_Brass Turners_—


Minns, Robert, Mousehold


_Braziers_, _Tin-plate Workers_, _&c._


Alden, Robert, St. Stephen’s plain
Ashen, Robert, St. Stephen’s street
Bedford, P., Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Callow, W. J., Golden Ball street
Goreham, John, William street
Hayward, Carif, Ber street
Pearson, John, St. Augustine’s
Olley, Stephen B., St. Benedict’s st.
Rose, William, Gildengate street
Smith, William, St. Benedict’s street
Stevens, Charles F., Magdalen street
Thompson, C., Rampant Horse street
Thompson, Henry, St. Julian’s street
Vincent, Henry, Lower Westwick st.
Vincent, Henry and Son, Upper Westwick street
Waite, George, Redwell street
Webber, Joseph, Pitt street
Wood, John, Magdalen street
Wright, Daniel, Pitt street


_Brewers_—


Arnold, George and Alfred Robert, St. Margaret’s plain
Banham, George, King street
Bullard, R., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Clarke, Charles, Coslany street
Hubbard, James, Magdalen street
Morgan, J. B. and H., King street
Phillips, John, Eagle and Child, Golden Ball street
Sexton, Edward, Whalebone inn, New Catton
Steward, Patteson, Finch, and Co., Pockthorpe
Webster, William, Ber street
Weston, C., St. George’s Bridge street
Youngs, Crawshay, and Youngs, King street


_Bricklayers and Plasterers_—


Adkin, W., Trory st., Unthank’s road
Alderson, W. H., St. Andrew’s hill
Barber, W., St. Martin’s Palace plain
Barnes, Jacob, West Pottergate street
Berwick, W., Suffolk st., Union place
Betts, John, West Pottergate street
Blyth, John, John street
Britcher, Charles, Pitt street
Britcher, Thomas, Pottergate street
Brooks, H., Hall road, Lakenham
Brown, C., Hall road, Lakenham
Brown, John, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Bunn, Charles, Julian street
Bush, John, Union place
Curtis, George, Scoles’ green
Freeman, J., Nelson street, Heigham
George, Robert M., St. Benedict’s st.
Goose, Robert, Julian street
Greengrass, Thomas, Elm hill (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 22)
Holden, James, Ber street
Hood, J. H., Rupert st., Union place
Hook, Joseph John, Brazen Doors rd.
Howard, Charles H., Bishopgate st. (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 32)
Howard, Everett and Thomas, Peacock street
Howard, James, King street
Howard, John, Fishgate street
Howard, Thomas, Bishopgate street
Humphery, William, Pump street
Lacey, John Greenwood, Ber street
Lacey, William, The White Horse, Castle hill
Livock, Samuel, West Wymer street
Mills, George Thomas, (plasterer) St. Benedict’s street
Mitson, James, Pump street
Newman, W., Raglan st., Heigham
Page, Jeremiah, Rising Sun road
Park, Clare, sen., Oak street
Parnell, Richard, Coachmakers’ Arms, Bethel street
Pearson, Edward, Bank street
Playford, A., St. George’s Bridge st.
Pleasants, Philip, Magpie road
Pye, William, St. Andrew’s hill
Quantrell, William, Unthank’s road
Read, Chas., Globe street, Union place
Rolls, Edward, Holl’s lane
Russell, George Robt., Southwell st.
Sexton, Horace, Lower Westwick st.
Sexton, Robert Watling, Calvert st.
Spink, J., Jubilee place, Heigham rd.
Spinks, Samuel, King Street gates
Steward, W., East End, Thorpe ham.
Stirgess, G., Dingle’s row, New Catton
Thompson, Mrs. S., St. Augustine’s
Tillett, Leonard, Lower Westwick st.
Townshend, William, Bethel street
Underwood, H., St. Margaret’s plain
Underwood, John, King street
Warnett, Charles, Lower King street
Whales, M., Distillery yd., Coslany st.
Wilkins, John, St. Martin’s lane
Wiseman, Robert, Muspole street
Wright, James, Ber street
Wurr and Page, Grapes’ hill
Young, James, Dereham road


_Brick_, _Tile_, _and Pipe Makers_—


Blake, George, Brazen Doors road
Blake, Robert, Brazen Doors road
Dawson, George, Brazen Doors road
Mills, James, (brick, tile, and pipe works) Castle meadow and Thorpe
Murrell, Gibbs H., Duke’s palace
Pinnick, Robert, Silver road
Sayer, Daniel, Oak street
Underwood and Gaze, Chalk hill, Thorpe


_Brokers_ (_see Furniture Brokers_)
_Brush Makers_—


Abel, Frederick, Unthank’s road
Candler, John, Rampant Horse street
Cooke, Samuel, 6, Davey place
Edgar, Thos., Chapel st., Crook’s pl.
Gay and Co., Upper market
Gooch, Thos., 7, Grout’s thoroughfare
Harper, Jas. K., St. Benedict’s street
Johnson, Edwin, Devonshire place, Holl’s lane
Livock, James, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Lord, George, Lower Westwick street
Mallett, H., Cross lane, St. George’s
Page, S. D., and Son, (wholesale) 23, Old Haymarket
Rix, Henry, Duke street
Rogers and Page, (wholesale) Wensum street
Scott, Peter Thomas, White Lion str.
Warnes, Thomas, City road, Heigham
Winter, Wm., Chapel st., Crook’s pl.


_Builders_—


Aldous, J. F., St. Stephen’s street
Amies, John, Hall road, Lakenham
Atkins, Richard, 27, Bethel street
Bell, George, Peacock street
Berwick, Wm., Suffolk street, Union place
Bishop, Wm. A., Magdalen street
Booking, Thomas, St. Benedict’s plain, Pottergate street
Brooks, James, Tabernacle street
Brooks, T., Bridge st., St. Andrew’s
Brown & Bailey, West Pottergate st.
Brown, John, William street
Brown, John, Thorpe Hamlet
Burrell, Benjamin, Lower King street
Cattermoul, J. O., Pitt street
Curtis and Balls, West Pottergate str.
Darkins, Canuel, Magdalen street
Dawes, Robert, Dereham road
Ellis, John, Oak street
Fairman, Thomas, 5, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Fisher, Thomas, Museum court, St. Andrew’s
Ford, Robert, St. George’s plain
Foulger, Horatio, Chapel field road
Fox, John, Heigham Causeway
Freeman, J., Nelson street, Heigham
Frost and Son, 7, Chapel field road
Gaze, Matthew, King street
George, Robert, Muspole street
George, W. M., Pottergate street
Gilbert, William, St. Augustine’s
Goose, Robert, Julian street
Griffin, Eliza, Cow hill
Hall, Samuel, Pottergate street
Harper, A. P., Trafalgar st., Lakenham
Hewitt, James, St. Augustine’s gates
Hood, Robert, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Hood, William, Sussex street
Houghton, Robert, Ber street
Howard, Charles H., Bishopgate st. (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 32)
Howard, James, King street
Lacey, George Plummer, Surrey rd.
Lacey, Horace, Surrey street
Lacey, James, Surrey street
Lacey, W. R., St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Leach, Philip, St. Martin’s lane
Ling, George, All Saints’ green
Lucas, Brothers, Thorpe Railway station
Meachen, George, Barn road
Meachen, John, West Pottergate st.
Meachen, Stephen H., William street
Minns and Foyson, Castle meadow
Moore, William, King street
Murray, Joshua, Prospect place, Lakenham
Newham, John, Hall lane, Lakenham
Norton, Henry, Chapel Field road
Nudds, William, Chatham pl., Chapel Field road
Page, Jeremiah, Rising Sun road
Pearson, Edward, Bank street
Plummer and Bloom, Bethel street
Read, James, Prince’s street
Rump, Robert and James, Colegate st.
Sexton, Horace, Lower Westwick st.
Sexton, Robert Watling, Calvert st.
Sinclair, John, Magdalen street
Spaul, William B., Lower close
Spink, J., Jubilee pl., Heigham road
Taylor, James W., Whitefriars’ street
Trowse, W. and C., St. Julian’s street
Ulph, Frederick, Ber Street gates
Wales, John, Kimberley street
Walker, Thomas, Upper Westwick st.
Warnett, Charles, Lower King street
Watson, James, Philadelphia
Watson, James Crane, John street, Rose lane
Webster, Wm., Golden Ball street
White, Jeremiah, Thorn lane
Wordingham, Wm., St. Catherine’s pl.
Worman, James, Castle meadow
Wright, William, Richmond hill
Young, James, Dereham road


_Butchers_—


Adcock, R., (pork) St. Benedict’s st.
Archer, Jesse, Pitt street
Baker, James, Oak street
Bale, George, St. Benedict’s street
Barber, Benjamin, Adelaide street
Beaumont, John (pork) Finket st.
Blake, Robert, Lower Westwick street
Blake, Samuel, Bridewell alley
Blazeby, William, Scole’s green
Boatwright, Richard, (pork) Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Brewster, James, Upper Heigham
Bridges, John, Heigham street
Brighton, Robert, Heigham street
Brown, Elizabeth, Bishopgate street
Bunn, Thomas C., Distillery street
Bushel, W., Norfolk st., Union place
Cannell, B. (pork), St. James’ street
Chapman, Abel, Magdalen street
Chapman, S., Upper St. Giles’ street
Chapman, Thomas R., Market-place
Clarke, Isaac, St. Augustine’s
Clarke, Samuel, Unthank’s road
Cobb, Robert L., Magdalen street
Coldham, H., Bridge st., St. George’s
Cork, Mary Ann, St. Augustine’s gates
Cottam and Brewster, Market-place
Cottam, Thomas, Upper Heigham
Cross, William, Rose lane
Cubitt, John (pork), Julian street
Curme, George, Magdalen street
Dawson, Jonathan, Magdalen street
Dawson, Philip, jun., Magdalen street
Delf, Susan, Rupert street
Dent, Dowson, Ber street
Dent, Thomas, Ber street
Denny, Thomas, Trowse
Dixon, Richard, Upper Westwick st.
Drake, Caroline (pork), New Catton
Drakes, Benjamin, New Catton
Ellwood, Henry, Timberhill street
Fisher, Edward, Ber street
Fisher, Mary Ann, Distillery street
Fitt, William, Ber street
Folk, Charles, Gildengate street
Fussey, Susan, Ber street
Gardner, Maria (pork), Barn road
Gibbs, Rudd William, Palace street
Gibson, Samuel, Gildengate street
Girling, Robert, St. Benedict’s street
Goodson, William, Dereham road
Gowing, Samuel, St. Benedict’s gates
Graver, John, Lower King street
Gray, Mary Ann (pork), Upper Westwick street
Greengrass, John, West End street
Greeves, Benjamin T., Market-place
Greeves, Henry, Market-place
Guyton, J. T., Upper Westwick street
Hall, Charles, Upper King street
Hall, Frederick G., Chapel field road
Harley, J. P., St. Benedict’s street
Henderson, W., Church st., Lakenham
Hindle, Maria, Pump street
Holland, Francis, St. Benedict’s road
Hook, Joseph, St. Stephen’s street
Howard, William (pork), Catton road
Isbill, Charles, Charing cross
Ives, Charles, Magdalen street
Iveson, Mrs. Rebecca, Union street, Crook’s place
Jacobs, John, St. Catherine’s plain
Jackson, Edward, Pottergate street
Jones, James, Grove place, Lakenham
Kent, Mary, St. Benedict’s street
Kett, P. M., Magpie road
King, Edward, Southwell street, Lakenham
Lamb, James, Market place
Lamb, Leonard, Ber street
Lamb, L., Rupert street, Union place
Lamb, Thomas, (pork) St. James’ st.
Lamb, William, (pork) Grapes’ hill
Mann, Henry, (pork) Elm hill
Manthorpe, James, Lower King street
Mason, John, Golden Ball street
Mason, Samuel, Norfolk street, Union place
Meen, Henry P., St. Stephen’s
Middleton, Robert, (pork) Cherry street, Lakenham
Miller, Geo. M., St. Catherine’s plain
Minns, David, St. Benedict’s street
Motts, John, West End st., Heigham
Patrick, Charles, St. Margaret’s plain
Porter, Robert, (pork) Lower King st.
Pycroft, Mrs. A., 53, St. Stephen’s st.
Pycroft, Nathaniel, Red Lion street
Rayner, James, Bartholomew street
Rayner, James, Nelson terrace, Dereham road
Redgment, K., Rupert street, Union place
Reynolds, William, Ber street
Rudd, Noah, Duke street
Rudling, William, Ber street
Rudrum, Christopher, Lower King st.
Savage, Mrs. Mary, Cowgate street
Savage, R., Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Seeley, William, (pork) Pottergate st.
Self, Mrs. Mary, Tombland
Simpson, T., Charles st., Heigham
Smith, Jonas, (pork) Rising Sun lane
Squires, J., Chapel st., Crook’s place
Steward, Matthew, St. James’ street
Stockings, Mark, St. Stephen’s street
Summer, David, (pork) Elm hill
Thetford, William, (pork) Trowse
Underwood, C., West Pottergate st.
Walker, James, Coslany street
Watts, Thomas, Willow lane
Wells, W., 1, Norfolk terrace, Union pl.
Willgrass, John, Ber street
Woodcock, Samuel, (pork) Palace str.
Wright, T., Long row, New Catton


_Butter Factors_ (_see Cheese and Butter Factors_)—
_Button Factor_—


Moore and Co., 81, St. Giles’ street


_Cab Proprietors_ (_see Fly Proprietors_)—
_Cabinet Makers_—


Abel, Daniel, Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Bacon, Charles, Muspole street
Barnes, James, Surrey grove
Bexfield, Thomas, Bethel street
Birch, Benjamin, Timberhill street
Bultitude, Edward, Charing cross
Buttifant, John, St. Ann’s terrace, Synagogue street
Chamberlin, William, Calvert street
Clarke and Hunter, Dove street and Pottergate street
Cordran, William, Chapel field road
Corrick, William, St. Giles’ street
Craske, James, Lower Goat lane
Crawfoot, William, Ber street
Crowe, J., and Son, St. Stephen’s st.
Dawson, Jabez, 17, Distillery street
Freeman and Wells, 37, London street
Furse, James, Prince’s street
Hales, James, St. John’s street
Hales, Walter, Wellington terrace, Union place
Hare, Charles, West Pottergate street
Horsley, William, St. Augustine’s
Huby, Edward, Lower Westwick st.
Keeble, James, John street
Kerry, John, St. Benedict’s street
Key, Robert, Holl’s lane, Dereham rd.
Kirkham, Dennis, Redwell street
Lay, George, Bethel street
Manthorpe, James, Lower King street
Mason, Robert, Infirmary road
Miller, George R., St. Andrew’s hill
Neve, Charles and J., Ber street gates
Norris, Mrs. James, Charing Cross
Norris, Samuel, Elm hill
Nurse, Robert, Castle street
Pooley, Samuel, St. John’s street
Pooley, William, Charing Cross
Pigg and Greenwood, 14, London st.
Robertson, H., Grove rd., Lakenham
Roe, John, Ber street
Rudd, Thomas, Ber street
Scott, R. B., Charing cross and St. John’s street
Sparks, William, Fye bridge
Sturley, Charles, Pottergate street
Tann, S. W., Upper Westwick street
Thirkettle, —, Scoles’ green
Trevor, Henry, Post Office street
Tyce, George, 16, Charing cross
Varley, John, Rope’s yard, Surrey st.
Wells, William, Castle meadow
Woods, John Robert, Red Lion street


_Candle Manufacturers_ (_see also Tallow Chandlers_)—


Brock, George, St. Augustine’s gates
Howes, Ann and Son, Grapes’ hill


_Cane Workers_—


Chapham, George Henry, Ber street
Dyer, John J., Ber street


_Cap Makers_—


Allured, James, Timberhill street
Boatwright, J., St. Saviour’s Church alley
Haldinstein, Philip, Bridewell alley
Nichols, Henry, Pottergate street
Southon, Edmund, St. James’ street


_Card Makers_—


Compere, Thomas Bond, St. Martin’s at Palace


_Carmen_—


Gibson, J., Mousehold heath
Jarvis, Henry, (railway and general) Lucas’ wharf, Thorpe hamlet (_see
Advertisement_, _p._ 35)
Pickford and Co., (S. D. Rudrum) Duke’s Palace wharf
Stubbs, G., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Stubbs, Hugh, Stamp Office yard, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Worman, Robert, Grapes’ hill


_Carpenters and Joiners_ (_see also Builders_)—


Addison, Benjamin, Magdalen street
Aldous, John F., St. Stephen’s street
Amies, John, Hall road, Lakenham
Bailey, Isaac, West Pottergate street
Bell, Rebecca, Peacock street
Boatwright, James, Fishgate street
Brooks, James, Tabernacle street
Brown, John, Thorpe hamlet
Brown, P., City road, Heigham fields
Colman, John D., Magdalen street
Curtis, Joseph, Botolph street
Custance, Jonathan, Magdalen street
Daines, Robert, Hall road, Lakenham
Daplin, Mark, (and gig builder) Lothian street
Daws, Robert, Dereham road
Doughty, John, Mill st., Union place
Ellis, John, Oak street
Finch, John, Trowse
Fisher, Thomas, Museum court, St. Andrew’s
Fisher, William, St. Paul’s terrace, Cowgate street
Ford, Robert, St. George’s plain
Fox, John, Heigham Causeway
Fox, Thomas, Heigham street
Frost and Son, 7, Chapel Field road
Gaze, Matthew, King street
George, William M., Pottergate street
Gower, James, St. Julian street
Hall, Samuel, Pottergate street
Harper, Andrews Pask, Trafalgar st., Lakenham
Harrison, Isaac, John street, Heigham
Hewitt, James, St. Augustine’s gates
Hood, William, Sussex street
Houghton, Robert, Ber street
Howard, William, Bishopgate street
Howell, James, St. Augustine’s
Howlett, Robert, St. Augustine’s
Hunn, Philip, Rising Sun lane
Lacey, W. R., St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Leach, Philip, St. Martin’s lane
Le Grys, William, Trowse
Leist, James, Wensum street
Lovett, Geo., West End st., Heigham
Martins, Josiah, Trowse
Meachen, George, Barn rd., Heigham
Middleton, Alfred, Trowse
Murray, J., Prospect place, Lakenham
Newham, J., Hall lane, Lakenham
Norton, Henry, Chapel Field road
Norton, William, Upper Heigham
Norton, Henry, John st., Union place
Nudds, William, Chatham place, Chapel Field road
Ollett, Mat., Trafalgar st., Lakenham
Osborne, K. S., Southwell street, Lakenham
Page, Samuel, West Pottergate street
Poll, John, Oxford st., Unthank’s road
Rainbird, Samuel, Elm hill
Read, James, Prince’s street
Reeve, Fred., Lower Westwick street
Rolling, E., Grove hill, St. Giles’ rd.
Slipper, Charles, Pig lane
Smith, S. E., City road, Lakenham
Spencer, Jonathan, Trowse
Suffolk, William, Ber street
Taylor, James W., Whitefriars’ street
Ulph, Frederick, Ber Street gates
Wales, John, Kimberley street
Walker, Thomas, Upper Westwick st.
Walmsley, G. W., West Pottergate st.
Ward, James, St. Andrew’s hill
Warren, Reuben, Russell street
Watson, James, Philadelphia
Watson, E. C., Chapel st., Crook’s pl.
Watson, Jas. C., John st., Rose lane
White, Jeremiah, Thorn lane
Winter and Rowland, King street
Wood, John, Union place
Wordingham, Wm., St. Catherine’s pl.
Wright, William, Richmond hill


_Carriers_ (_see Carmen_)—
_Carters_ (_see Carmen_)—
_Carvers and Gilders_—


Boswell, William, Magdalen street
Cook, Joseph, St. Faith’s lane
Culyer, Thomas, (ecclesiastical and cabinet), Castle meadow
Dawes, Lawrence, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Freeman, William, Pottergate street
Freeman, W., jun., Rampant Horse st.
Gilman, John, 26, London street
Howard, John, Bethel street
Marsham, Edward, St. Stephen’s Church alley
Miller, George R., St. Andrew’s hill
Nurse, Robert, Castle street
Robinson, Christopher, Pottergate st.
Root, Robert, Golden Dog lane
Tarte, William, Botolph street
Townshend, S. T., jun., Charing cross
Watson, Daniel F., All Saints’ green
Wilkin, Charles, Wensum street


_Cattle Dealers_—


Baxter, John, Ber street
Bilby, Walter, New Catton
Dawson, John, Magdalen street
Fromow, S., Grove place, Surrey road
Smith, W., Newman’s yard, Ber street
Stroyan, R., (salesman) Bracondale
Webb, G., Julian street, Julian place


_Cement Dealers_—


Colman and Glendenning, Rampant Horse street
Taylor, Mrs. William, King street


_Chair Makers_—


Bangay, George, Oak street
Batley, William, Lower Westwick st.
Chapham, George Henry, Ber street
Cordean, William, 7, Crescent place, Chapel Field road
Dawson, Jabez, 17, Distillery street
Hare, Charles, West Pottergate street
Meek, J., Charing cross
Osborne, Richard N., Muspole street
Pearce, William, World’s End lane
Scott, Charles T., Gildengate street
Varley, John, Rope’s yard, Surrey st.


_Cheese and Butter Factors_—


Butcher, Robert and Nephew, Queen street
Freeman and Nash, Upper market
Hough, J. and Son, Castle meadow
Nash, Joseph, Post Office street
Pratt, William, Wensum street
Smith, John, Stamp Office yard, St. Andrew’s Broad street


_Chemist_—_Analytical_—


Sutton, Francis, Bank plain (_see Advertisement_)


_Chemists and Druggists_—


Andrews, Brothers, (and wholesale) Colegate street
Arnold, Edward, (and wholesale) Orford hill
Bliss, Joseph James, Magdalen street
Boughen, Hugh, St. Augustine’s
Burrows, Barnard L., Ber Street gates
Caley, Albert J., London street
Cooke, William, St. Giles’ street
Cottingham, Joseph J., 1, St. Giles’ st.
Cubitt, George and Son, 11, the Walk
Dixon, Benjamin, King street
English, Joseph, St. Giles’ street
Fitch and Chambers, Market place
Gardiner, William, Dove street
Harper and Sutton, Bank plain
Hooper, John, Hall road, Lakenham
Hulme, John Hughes, St. Andrew’s Hall plain (_see Advertisement_, _p._
11)
James, Henry, Oak street
Lay, William Robert, Rupert street
Melton, Frederick, St. Benedict’s street
Miles, Charles, St. Stephen’s street
Moore, James B., Robinson’s terrace, Rose lane
Orris, George, St. James’ street
Patman, George, Ber street
Peggs, James O., Golden Ball street
Pitts, Robert Christopher, St. Giles’ st.
Row and Bridges, St. Stephen’s
Row and Co., (manufacturing) Surrey grove
Rudd, John, St. George’s plain
Searby, Wright and W. Martin, White Lion street
Slade and Rapier, (homœopathic) London street
Smith and Sons, (and wholesale) Market-place, and Magdalen street
Spatchett, James, St. John’s Maddermarket
Stark and Company, (agricultural) Duke’s Palace bridge
Taylor, William, Magdalen street
Thompson, Henry, St. Stephen’s plain
Watson, Gilbert P., King street
Wheeler, F., Swan lane, London st.


_Chimney Sweepers_—


Bowgen, J. H., Lower Westwick str.
Copeman, George, St. Stephen’s plain
Crisp, William, Lower Westwick str.
Finch, James, St. Miles’ Church alley
Finch, William, St. Miles’ Church st.
Roe, Isaac, Magdalen street


_China_, _Glass_, _and Earthenware Dealers_, _&c._—


Downing, Joseph, 22, The Walk
Gill, John, St. Giles’ street
Hansell, Sarah, St. Augustine’s street
Hyams, Emanuel, St. Andrew’s plain
Kiddell, Joshua, Timberhill street
Lovick and Co., St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Meadows, Cornelius, Magdalen street
Meadows, George, Westlegate street
Murrell, James, Chapel Field road
Onley, William Daniel, Golden Lion, Brazen Doors road
Smith, John, Timberhill street
Wimperis, William, Cowgate street
Yates, William, Davey place
Yexley, W., Jubilee pl., Dereham rd.


_Circulating Libraries_ (_for Public Libraries see under Public
Information_)—


Giddens, Mrs. S., St. Stephen’s street
Lain, Edward, Elm hill
Spence, G., Bridge street, St. George’s


_Clothiers and Dealers_—


Atkins, Elizabeth, Lower Westwick st.
Balls, Robert, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Bayes and Sons, Orford hill and Red Lion street
Blyth, William, Coach and Horses’ road, Union place
Bourt, John, Lower Westwick street
Browne, George, Orford hill
Burrows, R., Lower Westwick street
Butler, James, Lower Westwick street
Butler, William, St. Lawrence
Batterbee, James, St. Benedict’s street
Comer, Ann, St. Benedict’s street
Cox, Mary, Lower Westwick street
Dowson, John, Ber street
Francis, Joseph, Bridge st., St. Miles’
Fromow, John, Lower Westwick street
Green, Edward, Lower Westwick st.
Green, James, Lower Westwick street
Hare, Mrs. E., Lower Westwick street
Housedane, J., Lower Westwick street
Kilburn, William, St. Benedict’s street
Lake, James, Red Lion street
Lorkin, Mrs. V., Lower Westwick st.
Metcalf, Simon, St. Benedict’s street
Mickleburgh, J. H., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Poulter, Mrs. M., Lower Westwick st.
Nichols, Elizabeth, Upper Goat lane
Riches and Skoyles, (tailors and outfitters) Davey place
Rivett and Harmer, (wholesale) Old Post Office yard
Stallard, Joseph William, (tailor and outfitter) Orford hill
Steward, James, (tailor and outfitter) Tombland
Warlett, Mrs. Phœbe, Coslany street
Watson, James H., 2, Charing cross
Webster, Robert, St. Lawrence steps
Womack, George, (wholesale) White Lion street and Davey place


_Coach and Gig Builders_—


Harcourt, A., Chapel Field road
Hart, Philip Woodrow, Chapel Field road and Red Lion street
Howes, Joseph and James, Red Lion street
Howes, Thomas Self, Castle meadow and Rose lane
Jolly, Charles W., St. Stephen’s gates
Kett, James, St. Giles’ street
Meadows, J., St. Andrew’s Bridge st.
Morris, George, Magdalen street
Rudling, James, Palace street
Smith, George, St. Stephen’s square
Spratt, William, Chapel field
Thorn, Charles, St. Giles’ gates
Tillett, William, St. Augustine’s


_Coal Merchants and Dealers_ (_see also Merchants_)—


Austin, Owen, Oak street
Balls, Jonas, (salesman) City road, Heigham fields
Banister, J., Trafalgar st., Lakenham
Baxter, William, King street
Beckham, Robert John, Magdalen st.
Blyth, John, sen., Quay side
Blyth, John, Quay side
Boardman and Sursham, Wensum st.
Bowgen, J. H., Lower Westwick st.
Bright, John, Lower Westwick street
Brooks, Anthony and James, Barn rd.
Burcham, Samuel, Oak street
Burrows, George, Water lane, Fishgate street
Burrows, Lewis, Cowgate street
Butler, Mary, Lower Westwick street
Buttle, Richard, Quay side
Campling, Peter, Pottergate street
Cozens, James and Son, Upper Westwick street
Crowe, Edward, Lower Westwick st.
Cupper, J., St. Stephen’s Back street
Dawbarn, James, Castle meadow
Dunn, James, Quay side
Eastern Counties’ Compy., London st.
England, William, Synagogue street
Fitzgerald, Abraham, Cowgate street
George, Michael R. D., Quay side
Gibson, G., Chapel street, Crooks pl.
Golden, William, Ber street
Haslip, J., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Heazle and Co., Lower Westwick st.
Kett, Henry W., Hall rd., Lakenham
Lamb, Benjamin C., Magdalen street
Linstead, George, Southwell street
Mealing and Mills, Lower King st.
Merry, R., Victoria Railway Station
Mickleburgh, Robert, Nelson street
Mills, James, Castle meadow
Mollett, Rizen, Magdalen street
Nobbs, S., Chapel street, Crook’s place
Orsborne, Edward, Quay side
Pepworth, James, Victoria station
Porter, Robert, 2, West End terrace, St. Giles’ hill
Read, G., Badding lane, Quay side
Read, Thomas W. and Co., Trowse mills, and Cannon wharf, King st.
Read, William, Elm hill
Suffolk, E., King street, Crook’s place
Taylor, William, Coslany street
Thomas, John, Quay side
Vyall, Daniel, St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Vyall, Henry M., Chapel Field road
Warnes, Robert, Foundry bridge
Waterson, Joseph, Quay side
Wilde, John, Lower King street
Wittrick, Samuel, Vauxhall street
Woods, William, Union place


_Coffee and Eating Houses_, _Boarding Houses_, _&c._—


Aberdeen, William Charles, (and Pie house) 3, Dove street
Bullen, Miss E., Bridewell alley
Burton, George, Castle hill
Crowe, Charles, Elm hill
Dean, Alfred, Upper Market
Fountain, Mrs. M. A., London street
Frost, William, 2, Upper Walk
Hemnell, Johnson, Rose lane
Lee, George, Market place
Leverett, George, St. Benedict’s gates
Nicholls, John, Market place
Rix, George, Golden Ball street
Seeley, E. and H., St. Stephen’s plain
Stamp, William, Colegate street
Sutton, J., (late Bennett’s) Commercial Boarding House, Exchange st.


_Condensed Egg Manufacturers_—


Thurgar and Co., King street


_Confectioners_—


Allen, Robt., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Batley, Richard, St. Catherine’s plain
Benslyn, Thomas, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Borrett, Wm., Lower Westwick street
Brighten, C. G., St. Stephen’s gates
Brock, Samuel, St. Augustine’s street
Bullen, William Vincent, Golden Ball street (_see Advertisement_, _p._
14)
Burrage, Edwin, Church street
Chiddick, Francis J., Magdalen street
Daines, Richard, (sugar boiler) St. Gregory’s Church alley
Fuller, William H., Theatre street
Goldsmith, Thomas, St. Stephen’s
Haddon, Mrs. M. A., Rose lane
Hall, Miss Harriet, Gildengate street
Hannant, Nathaniel, Magdalen street
Harrison, Edward, Church street
Harvard and Co., (wholesale and retail) the Walk
Hatcarton, Joseph, Bedford street
Havers, Saml., St. Miles’ Church alley
Hick, William, St. Andrew’s hall pln.
Hipperson and Jennings, Davey place
Hunt, James, St. Stephen’s street
Hunt, John, Upper Westwick street
Johnson, John Sewell, Cowgate street
Johnson, S., Rampant Horse street
Kahler, John Henry, Rose lane
Lake, Samuel, Colegate street
Lemon, Thomas, All Saints’ street
Lock, Charles, King street
Marston, Rd., 13, Gentlemen’s Walk
Parr, John, Upper St. Giles’ street
Pinching, William, Bethel street
Reeve, Charles, Upper Westwick st.
Rose, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street
Scotton, Mary, Red Lion street
Silvey, William, White Lion street
Skipper, Henry, Magdalen street
Smith, John Joseph, Ber street
Smith, John William, Dove street
Smith, William R., Palace street
Snelling, Jas. G., Rampant Horse st.
Tate, George, Coslany street
Tuck, Robert, Wensum street
Tuck, Robert D., Vauxhall street
Tuck, Robert A., Lower Goat lane
Wilson, G., Queen st. (and wholesale)
Winter, George, Timberhill street
Woodward, C., Trory st., Unthank’s rd.


_Coopers_—


Amy, W., Spitalfields, Thorpe hamlet
Banham, George, King street
Carpenter, Robert, Oak street
Coldham, Alfred, Dereham road
Cook, John, Botolph street
Culyer, Charles A., Rampant Horse st.
Death, John, Bishopgate street
Edwards, James, Infirmary road
Merry, John, Pottergate street
Mousey, James, Thorn lane
Plumstead, Samuel J., Coslany street
Scott, Benjamin, Chapel Field road
Shepherd, Isaac, Magdalen street
Short, H., St. George’s Middle street
Stacey, Anthony, Thorpe hamlet
Taylor, James W., White Friars’ str.
Taylor, John W., Upper Westwick st.


_Copper-plate Printers_—


Brown, Wm. and Co., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Dallinger and Son, 12, Davey place
Emslie, James and Son, Back of the Inns (_see Advertisement_, _page_ 15)
Hall, William, White Lion street


_Coppersmiths_—


Warner, Wm. and Co., 2, St. Giles’ st.


_Cork Manufacturers_—


Crosskill, Robert, jun., Bridge street, St. George’s
Robinson, J., Bridge st., St. George’s
Rose, George, 68, St. Stephen’s
Wilson, Thomas, Golden Ball street


_Corn Merchants and Dealers_ (_see also Merchants_)—


Boardman and Sursham, Wensum street
Claxton, Elizabeth, St. Augustine’s
Freeman, Charles R., Upper market
Goldsmith, Thomas, St. Stephen’s
Larkman, W. A., Lower King street
Matthews, William, (and hay) St. Martin’s Palace plain
Osborn, Charles, Ber street
Randle, William, Upper market
Spanton, F. H., (and hay) Ber street
Spratt, W., (and hay) Market place
Watling, Robert, Cinder Ovens yard, King street
Williamson, H. W., St. Stephen’s street
Williamson, John A., (and seed) Duke’s Palace street
Woolnough, M., Ber street


_Corn Millers_—


Baldwin, Charles and Co., St. Mary’s Grist Mill, Pitt street
Cannell, Peter, Mousehold heath
Culley, Henry Utting, Lower Westwick street
Feltham, Barnabas, New Lakenham
Hammond, John, Catton hill
Randle, William, Upper market
Read, Randall, Magdalen street
Read, Thomas W. and Co., Trowse mills, and Canon wharf, King street
Reynolds, John, Philadelphia
Wells, William Harrison, New mills


_Corset Makers_ (_see Stay and Corset Makers_)—
_Cow Keepers_—


Arms, William, Parry’s buildings, Philadelphia
Bayfield, Andrew, Lakenham
Carter, John, Catton road
Chandler, Samuel, St. Stephen’s rd.
Claxton, George, Baker’s road, St. Augustine’s
Douglass, John, Silver road
Hubbard, James, Northumberland st., Heigham
Huggins, Edward, Hall road
Tallowin, Samuel, Hellesdon road
Tibbenham, William, Newmarket rd.
Wigg, John, Vauxhall street


_Cutlers_ (_Manufacturing_)—


Allison, Mrs. S., St. Peter’s
Branch, George, Golden Ball street
Lister, John, 10½, Old Haymarket
Sawyer and Co., 42, London street
Scott, James, St. Andrew’s hill, corner of London street


_Cutlers_ (_Working_)—


Allison, Mrs. Sophia, St. Peter’s steps
Huggins, James, Rising Sun lane
Hunt, John, Upper Westwick street
Pearson, James, St. Andrew’s hill
Scott, James, St. Andrew’s hill, corner of London street
Southgate, Benjamin, St. Martin’s lane
Sutton, Samuel, Royal Hotel street
Thornton, William, Grapes hill
Whitlam, Thos., West Pottergate str.


_Curriers_ (_see also Leather Merchants_)—


Archer, S., Peacock street, St. Paul’s
Armes, Robert, Dove street
Beare, Samuel Shalders, Bridge street
Blackburn, James, Castle meadow
Blackburn, J. B., St. Stephen’s plain
Curtis, William, Upper Westwick str.
Gooch, Samuel Irwin, 9, Davey place
Leamon, Robert, Upper Market (and Whitwell)
Marston, A. A., Timberhill street
Page, George, and Son, Magdalen str.
Phillips, William, All Saints’ street
Rudd and Paston, Grapes’ hill
Sayer, Wm., Upper Westwick street
Sidney and Armes, Dove street
Tillyard and Howlett, St. George’s pl.
Woods, George John, St. Gregory’s Church alley


_Debt Collectors_ (_see Rent and Debt Collectors_)—
_Dentists_—


Barker, J., Bedford st., Unthank’s road
Boulger, Patrick Joseph, Willow lane
Bridgeman, William K., 69, St. Giles’
Brownfield, John, Magdalen street
Dearle, George, Exchange street
Gunton, Alfred, 79, St. Giles’ street
Harcourt, Walter, St. Giles’ street
Hay, William, Post-office street
Neep, Edward, Post-office street
Offord, James S., Theatre street
Suggett and Dunsford, St. Giles’ street
White, Richard J., St. Giles’


_Drapers_—


Abbott, Edward J., Exchange street
Aikin, Francis, St. Benedict’s road
Aldous, James, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Aldrich, John, West Pottergate street
Allen & Co., (woollen) Bank plain
Armstrong, H., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Armstrong, Mary, Dereham road
Austria, Anne, 5, Orford hill
Barker, B., (woollen) Orford hill
Betts, John, Market-place
Bishop, George, Old Haymarket
Bond, William, (woollen) London st.
Bullard, William (woollen) 14, Exchange street
Caley, Nathaniel Henry, London st.
Cannell, Albert F., Lower Goat lane
Chamberlin, Sons, & Co., (wholesale and retail) Market-place
Coleman, Mrs. Ruth, London street
Coleman, George Lovick (wholesale and retail) Market-place
Coleman, Henry Bevely, Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Cowan, A., (travelling) Lady’s lane
Crisp, J. W., (woollen) Castle meadow
Cundall, Benjamin and Son, The Walk
Deigham, Peter, (travelling) Duke st.
Delf, William Stannard, Tombland
Diggins, G., Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Dixon, E. L., (linen) Magdalen street
Don, John, Golding street
Duffield, H., (woollen) 12, Exchange street (_see Advertisement_, _page_
13)
Edwards, William P., St. Stephen’s st.
English and Son, London street
English, J., (woollen) 45, London st.
Fairchild, Mary Ann, Spitalfields
Fairweather, Lydia, (linen) London st.
Fiske, Francis R., London street
Flood, Harriet, St. Martin’s lane
Flower, Jonathan, Wensum street
Foulsham, Francis, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Fraser, John, (linen) Dereham road
Frazer, W., Exchange st. (wholesale)
Garrett, John, Pottergate street
Gooderson and Moll, Upper Market
Gunton, John Hamnell, Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Hall and Ilott, Waterloo house, St. Stephen’s
Hall, James, Somerleyton street
Hart, William, St. Benedict’s street
Henderson, John, (travelling) Dereham road
Hill, Michael, Colegate street
Hipper, Mary Ann, St. Benedict’s street
Hook, Joseph, Brazen Doors’ road
Howard, Anna, St. Stephen’s street
Huson, R., Bridge street, St. George’s
Jackson, Joseph, All Saints’ green
Jeffries, Robert, King street
Jones, Mrs. E., (linen) Briggs’ street
Keown, Mr., Valentine street
Kett, William Woodhouse, (linen) London and Exchange streets
Livock, W. T., (woollen) London st.
Lovick and Johnson, (woollen) London street
Mace, Elizabeth, Grapes hill
Mallett, F. and C., (woollen) London street
Marshall, Joseph, (woollen) Rampant Horse street
Mc’llmorrow, John, (travelling) Coslany street
Mc’Keown Henry, (travelling) St. Lawrence lane
Mitchell, William, (travelling) Dereham road terrace
Newstead, William, (linen) Lower Goat lane
Oughton, W., Kimberley street, Unthank’s road
Parker, James, St. Catherine’s plain
Pigg, Samuel, and Sons, (woollen) Haymarket (wholesale)
Piggott, John Henry, (linen) St. Stephen’s street
Piper, William, (linen) London street
Pope, William, (linen) 23, Bethel st.
Powell, Robert, (family linen) 36, London street
Reid, John C., (travelling) Douro terrace, Heigham road
Reid, Samuel, (linen and woollen) St. Andrew’s hall plain
Rix, William, Pump street
Rust, James B., Bethel street
Sayer, Richard H., Unthank’s road
Scott, William, St. Stephen’s
Skelton, John S., (woollen) St. Giles’
Slater, Joseph, (woollen) Tombland
Smith, George, (linen) Ber street
Smith, Samuel J., Magdalen street
Snowdon, Henry, (linen and woollen) Bridge street, St. George’s
Snowdon, J. C. and Co., (linen and woollen) 9, The Walk
Sommerville, J. J. and R., Magdalen street
Starling, C. G., (linen) White Lion st.
Stocks, Alfred J., (linen) Briggs’ st.
Sutton, Henry M., St. Augustine’s
Sutton, M. D., (woollen) St. Andrew’s Broad street
Talbot, George, (woollen) Bridge st., St. Andrew’s
Taylor, Wm. S., (woollen) Prince’s st.
Todd, J. and Son, (woollen) Queen st.
Todd, W. A., (woollen) 16, London st.
Towler, Miss H., (linen) Fye Bridge
Trackson, James, (travelling) Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Wade, Mrs. F., (woollen) Redwell st.
Wardle, Sarah, (linen) St. Mary’s pl.
Watts and Graham, (travelling) Dereham road
Wills, George E., Heigham street
Womack, George, (woollen) White Lion street and Davey place
Woods, James M., (linen) 67, St. Stephen’s street
Wright, James, (linen) Ber street


_Dressers_—


Gedge, George, Coslany street
Minns, J., St. Clement’s Church alley
Sexton, Joseph, Calvert street
Stark and Co., Duke’s Palace bridge
Ulph, William, Lower Westwick str.


_Dyers_—


Allen, Bryant, Scoles’ green
Barber, Samuel, Timberhill street
Baxter, Benjamin, St. Paul’s street
Breeze, Henry C., Bridge street, St. George’s (_see Advertisement_, _p._
13)
Briggs, William Henry, New Catton
Brook, Edmund, King street
Brown, Benjamin, Robson’s yard, St. Martin’s at Oak
Brown, Mrs. Sarah, Tombland
Campling, Alfred, Botolph street
Carter, John, All Saints’ green
Cooke, Hannah, Coslany street
Cooke, Harriet, St. Augustine’s
Furse, Mrs. Maria, St. Augustine’s
Furse, William, Peacock street
Gedge, George, Coslany street
Groom, George, Brazen Doors road
Harper, George, Calvert street
Harper, Joseph, St. George’s Bridge st.
Harris, Zebediah, 38, Pottergate st.
Hawes, James, Nelson street
Houghton, D., 4, Upper St. Giles’ st.
Houghton, John, Ten Bell lane
Hubbard, Sarah, Golden Dog lane
Jarrett, Thomas, Magdalen street
Jay, Joshua, Bethel street
Metcalf, Francis, Colegate street
Mills, James, Coslany street
Nicholds, Charles, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Parker, B., Twiddy’s court, Ber street
Reeve, James, Duke street
Sexton, Joseph, Calvert street
Stark and Co., Duke’s Palace bridge
Skelton, Joseph, Gildengate street
Ulph, William, Lower Westwick st.


_Earthenware Dealers_ (_see China_, _Glass_, _and Earthenware Dealers_)—
_Embroidery Designer_—


Ganley, James, London street


_Engineers_ (_see also Agricultural Implement Makers_)—


Campling, James, Golden Ball street
Cudbard, Charles, Theatre street
Gaze, William, Pitt street
Gaze, William, St. Paul’s Back lane
Hines, Charles, Muspole street
Holmes and Sons, Prospect place and Castle hill (_see Advertisement_,
_pp._ 2 and 3)
Howard, Riches, and Watts, Duke’s Palace Iron Works (_see Advertisement_,
_p._ 6)
Le Fevre, Thomas, St. Stephen’s st.
Olley, William and Co., Dereham rd.
Parkinson, John W., Globe st., Union place
Shalders, J., (hydraulic) Bank plain (_see Advertisement_, _page_ 17)
Sharon, Anthony, Pottergate street
Slack, Jacob H., Grapes’ hill
Slack, Robert H., Cow hill
Smithdale, Thomas, King street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 9)
Sparke and Co., Thorn lane and Castle hill (_see Advertisement_, _pp._
36, 37, 33)
Turner, J. M., St. Martin’s at Palace
Watts, James, Bishopgate street
Winkle, John, St. Benedict’s gates


_Engravers_—


Brown, W., Broad st., St. Andrew’s
Dallinger and Son, 12, Davey place
Emslie, James and Son, Back of the Inns (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 15)
Hall, William, White Lion street
Marrison, Robert, Great Orford street
Searles, G., Trory st., Unthank’s road


_Farmers_—


Alborough, Thomas, Trowse
Colman, William, St. Giles’ road
Dawson, George, Brazen Doors road
Emery, George, Coach and Horses rd.
Fitt, Richard, Earlham road
Gowing, George, Trowse
Jarvis, William, Trowse
Long, John, Silver road
Mace, Robert, Distillery street
Mace, Robert, Upper Heigham street
Plant, James, Trowse
Pratt, William, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Reynolds, Joshua, Philadelphia
Stanhaw, George, St. Giles’ street
Stonex, W., Hall road, Lakenham


_Fellmongers_—


Chapman, Matthew, Upper Heigham
Dye, William, St. Martin’s gates
Wills, William, Heigham street


_Figure and Model Makers_—


Bianchi, Giovanni, Bridge street


_Firework Makers_—


Baxter, Neville P., Brazen Doors rd.
Coe, George, Bull close
Wilson, W., Church street, Lakenham


_Fish Curers_—


Appleton, William, St. Augustine’s
Townshend, Samuel, Pottergate street


_Fishmongers_—


Allen, Robert, Newbegin’s yard, St. Mary’s plain
Andrews, Charles, Crow’s yard, Upper Westwick street
Appleton, Thomas, St. Augustine’s
Aston, Isaac, St. James’ street
Augood, Henry, Rising Sun lane
Bagshaw, Joseph, St. Stephen’s street
Brown, Thomas, Fishmarket
Campling, John, Magdalen street
Cannon, Goss W. S., Fisher’s lane
Clayton, George, Fishmarket
Colman, Charles, Fishmarket
Dack, Jonathan, Fishgate street
Davis, James, Fishgate street
Easton, Isaac, St. James’ street
George, Robert, St. Benedict’s street
Grand, John, (salesman) Lady’s lane
Gurney, Charlotte, Cowgate street
Hare, William, Fishmarket
Hurrell, William, Magdalen street
Jay, Charles, Market-place
Jay, George, Fishmarket
Knights, George, Heigham street
Moy, G., St. Margaret’s Church alley
Moy, William, Cowgate street
Palmer, Edmund, King street
Parker, Thomas, St. Stephen’s
Phillips, Francis, Finket street
Pratt, William, Market-place
Roundtree, Chas., Crow’s yard, Westwick street
Roundtree, Charles, Barrack street
Seaman, Samuel, Bull close
Taney, William, Timberhill street
Towler, John Burrows, Lady’s lane
Tuffield, William, Badding lane, St. Martin at Palace
Waters, John, Ber Street gates
Weavers, William, Austin’s court, Bethel street
Worledge, John, Gildengate street
Wright, John, Oak street


_Flour Dealers_—


Bollard, William, Suffolk st., Union place
Cook, Ann, Pitt street
Freeman, Charles R., Upper market
Randle, William, Upper market
Spice, Thomas, Duke street
Woolnough, M., Ber street


_Fly Proprietors_—


Brunning, John, St. Catherine’s plain
Darsley, William, (hackney master) St. Stephen’s street
Foster, G., Norfolk hotel, St. Giles’
Kett, James, St. Giles’ street
Moll, George, St. Giles’ street
Padgett, John, Rampant Horse street
Shorten, Jas., Bull inn, Magdalen st.
Snowling, John, Duke’s Palace street
Tattam, Richard, Lady’s lane
Wilson, Alexander, St. Stephen’s square


_Fowl Dealers_ (_see also Poulterers_)—


Crotch, William, Oak street
Smith, Samuel, Scoles’ green
Smith, William, Coburg street


_French Polishers_—


Alderman, Henry, Ber street
Bunting, R., Lower Westwick street
Fenn, James, Ber street
High, John, St. Benedict’s street
King, Leonard, Lower King street
Mingay, F., Chapel st., Crook’s place
Spalding, James, St. Andrew’s hill


_Fringe_, _Lace_, _and Damask Warehouses_—


Gooch, Joshua, 3, Dove street
Stewart, Charles Keith, (manufacturer) St. Giles’ street


_Fruiterers_ (_see also Green Grocers_)—


Bullard, Robert, Swan lane
Bullen, W. V., Golden Ball street
Cohen, Philip, Swan lane
Cousins, James, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Dady, Daniel, St. Stephen’s street
Graver, Abraham, Magdalen street
Middleton, R., Cherry st., Lakenham
Newton, Alfred, Lower Goat lane
Newton, William, Swan lane
Sloper, John, Queen street
Snelling, J. G., Rampant Horse st.


_Furniture Brokers_—


Aldhouse, Hannah, St. Augustine’s
Archer, Henry, Ber street
Butcher, Simon, St. Augustine’s
Canham, Sarah, Ber street
Cooper, William, Baker’s road, St. Augustine’s
Crickmore, William, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Crowfoot, William, Ber street
Cubitt, Thomas, Bridge st., St. Miles’
Durrant, Zachariah, Coslany street
Hagon, William, Oak street
Hall, S., Bridge street, St. George’s
Jarrett, Thomas, Magdalen street
Kemp, James, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Kerry, George, St. Mary’s
Larkman, Henry, St. Benedict’s street
Loose, James, Botolph street
Martin, Robert, Quay side
Mayhew, George, Dereham road
Mingay, Fred., Chapel st., Crook’s pl.
Moll, Richd., St. John’s Maddermarket
Partridge, John J. B., Ber street
Pentin, James, Chapel Field road
Penton, James, Magdalen street
Plumstead, Samuel J., Coslany street
Rudd, Thomas, Ber street
Scott, Mrs. E., Charing cross
Scott, George J., Timberhill street
Scott, W. J., Bridge st., St. George’s
Seaman, Coriolanus, St. James’ street
Skoyles, William, St. Benedict’s st.
Smith, Benjamin, Upper Westwick st.
Stangroom, Henry, Gildengate street
Stimpson, James, Orford hill
Sutton, Robert, Magdalen street
Thompson, Miss M., Oak street
Thorpe, Thomas E., Colegate street
Thurston, William, Oak street
Townshend, C., St. Martin’s plain
Turrell, Josiah, Coburg street
Vincent, H., St. Gregory’s Church alley
Vincent, H. and Son, Upper Westwick street
Wade, James, Fishgate street
White, W., St. Gregory’s Church alley
Wilsea, John, Bridge st., St. Miles’


_Furriers_—


Bayes, Wm., Oak street, St. Martin’s
Claxton, Wm. and Geo., Horn’s lane, King street
Edwards, Miss Ann, Castle meadow
Fletcher, Sarah, Finket street
Fox, J., (manufacturer) 11, The Walk
Potter, Thomas and Co., 5, The Walk
Vincent, James, Red Lion street


_Game Dealers_, _Poulterers_, _&c._—


Bagshaw, George, Coslany street
Bagshaw, Joseph, St. Stephen’s street
Barnard, John, Fye bridge
Colman, Charles, Fishmarket
Engall, Joseph, St. Augustine’s street
Smith, S., (poulterer) Scoles’ green
Stubbs, C., (poulterer) Golden Ball st.


_Gardeners_—


Ainslie, Charles, (jobbing) Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Allen, Francis, Dereham road
Bartram, Henry, Cherry street
Bennett, Jabez, Infirmary road
Booty, John, St. Stephen’s road
Chapman, Luke, Dereham road
Clarke, John, Heigham causeway
Cork, John, Brunswick road
Douglass, John, Silver road
Elmer, John, Lower close
Farrow, Thomas, Newmarket road
Ford, John, Pitt street
Frost, Hezekiah, Lower close
Fuller, John, Thorpe hamlet
Graves, John, Dereham road
Green, John, Asylum lane, Heigham
Hall, Jonathan, Somerleyton street
Harper, Henry, Fisher’s lane
Harris, Thomas, King street
Hayward, John, Trowse
Howes, James, Magdalen street
Jarvis, William, (market) Trowse
Jay, James, Upper King street
Jennis, John, Lower Westwick street
Langley, John, (market) Holl’s lane
Marsham, J., (market) Upper Heigham
Moore, R., (market) Bishopgate street
Newman, Henry, Oak street
Osborn, William, New Catton
Parfitt, C., (landscape) Sussex street
Smith, Edward, Dereham road
Sparkhall, John, Nelson street
Sutton, John, Lower King street
Trollop, George, Southwell road
Woolbright, Robert, Lower close


_Gas Fitters_—


Campling, Thomas, Coslany street
Hall, James, 10, Magdalen street
Howes, William C., Ber street
Land, William, St. Peter’s Mancroft
Leach, George, (and bell hanger) Lower Goat lane
Pank, A., Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Self, Thomas, Tombland
Self, Thomas, Pottergate street
Waite, George, Redwell street


_Gig Makers_ (_see also Coach and Gig Builders_)—


Dixon, Fuller, John street, Rose lane
Foulger, Robert, Ber street


_Ginger Beer_, _Lemonade_, _Soda Water_, _&c._, _Manufacturers_—


Covell, John, Elm hill
Gower, Thomas, Gun lane
Hill, Richard, Cow hill
Hunt, James, 62, St. Stephen’s street
Key, S., Mansfield’s yd., St. Stephen’s
Moore, Foster G., Colegate street, St. George’s


_Glass Dealers_ (_see China_, _Glass_, _and Earthenware Dealers_)—
_Glass Stainers_—


Cullyer, William F., Ten Bell lane
King, John and James, Prince’s st.


_Glovers_—


Amies, Benjamin, St. Catherine’s pln.
Asker, George Henry, 20, The Walk
Bird, Henry, Briggs’ street
Boughen, William, Bank plain
Boughten, Samuel, Red Lion street
Comer, James, Magdalen street
Cubitt, Thomas, Coslany street
Daines, Mrs. Mary, Church street, St. Julian’s
Lincoln, Morris, Chapel st., Union pl.
Mills, C., (maker) Golden Ball street
Oxley, Richard, 6, London street
Seager, Elizabeth and Son, St. John’s Maddermarket
Smith, Mrs. Sarah, Magdalen street
Stocks, Alfred Joseph, Briggs’ street
Theobald, T. and Son, London street
Tomlinson and Co., Castle street
Youels, William, St. Catherine’s plain


_Grainers and Decorative Painters_—


King, J. and J., Prince’s street
Martin, Thomas, Museum court, St. Andrew’s
Pullen, Mase, and Furse, St. Lawrence lane
Walker and Bird, Surrey street


_Glass_, _Stone_, _and China Mender_—


Malbon, Benjamin, St. Faith’s lane


_Grease Manufacturer_—


Hough, Joseph, Castle meadow


_Green Grocers_—


Able, William, Oak street, St. Martin’s
Allen, John, Lower Westwick street
Allmer, George, King street
Ames, Frances, Dereham road
Appleton, Christopher, Gildengate st.
Attle, Hannah, Finket street
Barnes, Robert, Foundry Bridge
Batchelder, Thomas, Ber street
Blyth, James, Julian street
Blyth, Sarah, Coslany street
Boughton, Richard, St. Stephen’s st.
Breeze, Mary, Cross lane, St. George’s
Brooks, David, Lower Westwick street
Browes, James, Lower King street
Brown, James, Colegate street
Butcher, Simon, St. Augustine’s street
Butcher, William, Elm hill
Butter, Caroline, Bull close
Campling, George, Magdalen street
Chapman, J., St. Miles’ church alley
Chapman, John, Union place
Chesteney, R., Upper St. Giles’ street
Churchyard, John, Coburg street
Clark, Ann, Ber street
Cletheroe, James, Oak street
Cogman, James, Oak street
Copley, George, Pottergate street
Crosskill, R., Bridge st., St. George’s
Crosskill, William, Oak street
Dady, Daniel, St. Stephen’s street
Davidson, William, Cowgate street
Dawes, Lawrence, William street
Denny, J., Union street, Crook’s place
Drake, John, Ber street
Eagleton, Elizabeth, Pump street
Ellis, Mary, St. Mary’s
Ellis, Thos., Cubitt’s court, Bethel street
Ellis, William, Oak street
Ellis, William, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Fiddament, James, Ber street
Fitt, John, Botolph street
Folkard, George, Oak street
Francis, Thomas, Timberhill street
Furze, Robert, Heigham street
Gardiner, Maria, Upper Westwick st.
Gay, Samuel, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Gazely, James, Lower Westwick street
Gowing, Samuel, St. Benedict’s gates
Green, James, Philadelphia
Gurney, C., Cherry street, Lakenham
Hansell, W., Chapel st., Union place
Harbord, H., St. Stephen’s back street
Harmer, James, Red Lion street
Harris, James, Ber street
Harris, Thomas, King street
Harrison, Mrs. M. A., Queen street
Hayhoo, Thomas, St. Augustine’s st.
Holman, George, King street
Holmes, George, St. Augustine’s
Houghton, Thomas, Barrack street
Howard, George, Little Orford street
Howes, William, Cowgate street
Jackson, Hannah, Pump street
Jermy, J., Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Kemp, James, St. Lawrence lane
Lamb, Andrew, Heigham street
Larkman, Wm., St. Augustine’s gates
Leamon, George, Bull close
Linstead, Charles, Lower King street
Lockwood, L., St. Miles’ Church alley
Lovick, Mary Ann, Ber street
Marshall, Robert, Lower Westwick street
Mason, Peter, Infirmary road
Miller, William, Heigham street
Moon, Robert, New Catton
Moore, Abraham, Barrack street
Moore, James, City road, Heigham
Morse, Joshua, Prince’s street
Nobbs, Robert, Heigham street
Osborn, William, New Catton
Parr, James, King street
Perfect, Joseph, Lower Westwick str.
Pitcher, Thomas, Rose lane
Powell, Edward, Chapel Field road
Pond, Margaret, Ber street
Raby, William, Fishgate street
Raven, Robert, Tinkler’s lane
Robinson, Thomas, St. Benedict’s st.
Rope, William, Rising Sun lane
Salmons, John, Lower King street
Savary, David, Rupert street
Slipper, E., Grove pl., New Lakenham
Spooner, Maria, Ber street
Staff, Charles, Ber street
Stalweather, Frederick, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Steward, Mary, St. Benedict’s street
Stygals, William, Ber street
Swash, Robert, St. Mary’s plain
Taylor, George, Rupert street
Taylor, George, Rose lane
Thompson, John, King street, Crook’s place
Thorn, William, Magdalen street
Thurtell, Henry, King street
Tinkler, George, Magdalen street
Tiptod, Benjamin, Coburg street
Trollop, George, Southwell street
Trory, William, Bethel street
Turner, Thomas, Ber street
Turner, William, St. James’ street
Valentine, Elizabeth, St. Swithin’s
Walker, John, Ber street
Ward, Elizabeth, St. Benedict’s street
Watching, Thomas, Heigham street
White, Richard, Palace street
Willement, George, Coburg street
Williams, Thomas, Crook’s place
Woods, William, Union place
Woollinger, John, St. Augustine’s str.
Wright, George, Upper Westwick str.


_Grocers and Tea Dealers_—


Aldous, J., Trafalgar st., Lakenham
Aldrich, John, West Pottergate street
Aldridge, Mrs. Susanna, Church walk, Lakenham
Avey, Thomas, Ber street
Back and Co., 3 and 4, Haymarket
Baker, Charles, Redwell street
Banham, Francis, Old Haymarket
Barnard, Alfred, King street
Barrow, Henry, White Lion street
Bateman, Benjamin, Magdalen street
Bateman and Co., (tea and coffee dealers) London st. and Swan lane
Bealby, Robert, William street
Beecheno, Frederick, London street
Belding, William, (and wholesale) 1, Magdalen street
Belding, William, New Catton
Bell, Matthew, (Lock and Key) Ber st.
Bennett, Mrs. Emily, Ber street
Bennett, James, (and importer of leeches) Tombland
Bensley, William, Union place
Betts, Henry, Southwell street
Bexfield, James, Rising Sun lane, Golden Ball street
Bexfield, R., Trory st., Unthank’s road
Blyth, John, St. Martin’s gates
Boardman, James T., (wholesale) Cundall’s court, Gentleman’s walk
Bream, Charles John, (wholesale) Upper market
Brook, Thomas Verlander, (tea and coffee) Bethel street
Brown, Henry, 14, The Walk
Brown, John, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Brown, Hall, Ber street
Browne, Samuel, Palace plain
Brussey, Benjamin, St. Augustine’s st.
Bugden, Thomas and Edward, (wholesale) St. Mary’s plain
Bungay, Elizabeth and Ann, Trowse
Butcher, Robert, and Nephew (wholesale) Bank plain and Queen street
Cannell, Hannah, Unthank’s road
Cannell, James, Upper Westwick st.
Capes, George, (tea only) Nelson street, Heigham
Caston, John, St. Benedict’s gates
Chamberlin, James, Post Office street
Chapman, Thomas, (tea) 4, Keyzor’s terrace, Unthank’s road
Clark, Maria, Lower Westwick street
Coman, H. & Co., St. Benedict’s street
Cooper, Thomas, St. Augustine’s
Copeman and Sons, 12, The Walk (and wholesale)
Dakin & Co. (tea & coffee) Davey place
Dawson, George, Vauxhall street
Dawson, Samuel, Oak street
Ducker, J. F., Lower Westwick street
Dunham, John, Trory st., Lakenham
Durrant, Elizabeth, Mariners’ lane
Durrant, Henry, Ber street (_see advertisement_, _page_ 10)
Durrant, Robt., Church st., St. Miles’
Dye, L., St. Augustine’s church alley
Dye, M., (tea dealer) Little London st.
Ely, Hannah, Pitt street
Felstead, Jas., Regent st., Union place
Fenn, Robert, Magdalen street
Fisher, James C., 62, St. Stephen’s st.
Fisher, Robt., Bridge st., St. George’s
Fisher, Robert, St. Martin’s gates
Fitch, Charles, Coslany street
Forster, Samuel, Pockthorpe
Forster, T., Queen st., Crook’s place
Foster, Joseph, (tea) Sussex street
Freeman and Nash, (wholesale) Upper market
Garnham, W., Hall road, Lakenham
Gill, James, Lower Westwick street
Girling, S., Lower Westwick street
Goggs, William, St. Giles’ gates
Golder, Edward, Oak street
Goldsmith, Charles, Surrey street
Goldsmith, Jas., 34, St. Stephen’s st.
Grimes, Ruth, Botolph street
Haddon, Mrs. Mary Ann, Rose lane
Haines, Brothers, 58, St. Stephen’s (_see advertisement_, _page_ 18)
Hall, James, Somerleyton street
Hannah, Peter (tea dealer) 33, Pottergate street
Hannant, Richard, King street
Harden, Charles, Heigham street
Hardy, James, Rampant Horse street
Harrison, J., Globe st., Union place
Hart, William, St. Benedict’s street
Harvey, Samuel, Fishgate street
Harwin, James, (tea) 3, Charles street, Heigham
Herring, Edward, Lower King street
Hewett, Alfred, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
High, George, New Catton
Hill, John, Vauxhall street
Hill, John, Cowgate street
Hill, John, St. Augustine’s
Hodds, Catherine, Ber street
Holmes, James, King street
Hook, Joseph J., Brazen Doors road
Howard, Robert, New Catton
Howes, Ann, and Son, St. Giles’ hill
Howlett, Eliza, Lower Westwick str.
Howlett, Thomas, Lower Westwick st.
Hunt, John, Quay side
Hutton, John, (tea) Old Haymarket
Jarvis, Joseph, Fishgate street
Jeckell, George, Ber street gates
Jeffries, Robert, King street
Kedge, Thomas, Ber street
Kemp, Mary, (tea) Golden Dog lane
Kerrison, James, Timberhill street
King, Russell, Ber street
Ladyman, Joseph Harrison, (tea) Market-place
Lake, William, St. Stephen’s
Lambert, Fras., (tea) Lower Goat lane
Lammas, Brothers, (tea) Market-place
Le Strange, Thomas, Pump street
Linstead, Robert, Duke street
Lock, Henry, St. Augustine’s (_see Advertisement_, _page_ 18)
Lovett, James, King st., Crook’s place
Lowe, Joseph, Gildengate street
Mackley, Maria, Pottergate street
Manser, William, Thorn lane
Mayhew, George, Dereham road
Mayston, Edward, (tea) Distillery st.
Meadows, Jonathan, Coslany street
Mc’Michael, Jas., (tea) Valentine st.
Middleton, Matthew, (tea) Oak street
Miles, Susan, Oak street
Minns, Isaac, King street
Money, James, Bethel street
Morris, William, Bishopgate street
Muskett, James, (tea) Charles street, Heigham
Neale, Jas. F., St. Andrew’s hall plain
Neve, Mary Ann, St. Martin’s gates
Newman, Henry, Oak street
Newson and Co., Stump cross
Nightingale, R. W., St. Stephen’s str.
Nightingale, W. R., (tea-dealer) St. Augustine’s
Norton, Robert, Fye bridge
Nunn, Jonathan, Heigham street
Parker, Frederick, King street
Parker, William, (tea and coffee) Valentine street, Dereham road
Peacock, James, Pottergate street
Pratt, William, Wensum street
Proudfoot, Elizabeth and Ann, Trowse
Pulham, William, St. Mary’s plain
Pulham, William, Oak street
Pye, Wm. M., St. Augustine’s street
Read, Charles T., Unthank’s road
Read, William Dring, Orford hill
Reid, John C., (tea) Douro terrace, St. Giles’ road (travelling)
Riches, E., Church street, St. Julian’s
Rix, Charles Edward, Dereham road
Rouse, Harriet, St. Stephen’s street
Rout, George, Cowgate street
Rudd, James, St. Catherine’s plain
Rudd, Robt., Coslany street, St. Miles’
Rumbold, J., Howard st., Lakenham
Rump, Thomas, Golden Ball street
Sadd, David, Gloucester place, St. Catherine’s plain
Scott, John, Ber street gates
Scott, William, Magdalen gates
Scrutton, Henry, Bethel street
Seaman, Richard, Gildengate street
Selby, Charles James, Pitt street
Self, Thomas, Oak street
Seppings, W., West End st., Heigham
Sexton, John, Scoles’ green
Shalders, Edward, St. Benedict’s street
Shreeve, George, Tinkler’s lane
Sidney and Ladyman, (tea, wholesale) The Walk; and Ludgate hill, London
Simpson, Robert, Magdalen street
Smith, Henry, King st., Crook’s place
Smith, John, (tea) Timberhill street
Snelling, Thomas, Magdalen street
Spencer, I., St. Mary’s Church alley
Springhall, Benjamin, New Catton
Springall, James, (and wholesale) Tombland
Stafford, T., Chapel st., Crook’s place
Stangroom, Robert, Fishgate street
Stonex, James, Tinkler’s lane
Storey, William, Bull close
Sussams, William S., Heigham street
Taylor, W. H. and Co., (and wholesale) Haymarket
Taylor, W. J., Mill lane, New Catton
Temple, Robert, Ber street
Thompson, James, Cross lane, St. George’s
Thompson, Joseph, St. Stephen’s st.
Thouless, J., Lothian st., Heigham
Thurlow, William, Philadelphia
Tidd, Robert, Oak street
Tills, Benjamin, Magdalen street
Towler, Edward W. R., Magdalen st.
Turner, Sarah, John street, Heigham
Turrell, James, Ber street
Tuttle, John, Mill street, Lakenham
Vassar, J., West End st., Heigham
Walters, William, Ber street
Warner, Walter Waite, (tea) All Saints’ green
Watson, James, (tea) Calvert street
Watts and Graham, (tea) Dereham road (travelling)
Websdale, James, Lower King street
Weeds, Mary Ann, Bishopgate street
Whall, R., King st., Crook’s place
Whitrick, J., West Pottergate street
Whitaker, William, Lower King st.
Wicks, Robert, Ber street
Wild, Edward, 11, Old Haymarket
Williams, Josiah, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Williams, J., Globe st., Union place
Williams, John H., Duke street
Wilson, Mrs. M., Bridge st., St. Miles’
Wisker, Robert N., Tinkler’s lane
Wolton, Durrant, and Co., 47, London street
Young, Thomas, Magdalen street


_Gun Flint Cutter_—


Sires, James, Alma terrace, St. Augustine’s road


_Gun and Pistol Makers_—


Cartwright, H., Rampant Horse str.
Jeffries, George, Golden Ball street
Marrison, Robert, Great Orford street
Marrison, S. Ray, Great Orford street
Whall, Ann, Little London street


_Gutta Percha Depots_—


Shalders, John, Bank plain
Snelling, William, Orford hill
Thompson, John, St. Peter’s steps, Market-place


_Haberdashers_—


Brown, M., Bridge street, St. George’s
Cartwright, Mrs., Magdalen road
Fairweather, Mrs. Lydia, London str.
Fickling, Harriet, St. Catherine’s pln.
Henney, Charity, Eagle terrace, Newmarket road
Lovick and Johnson, London street
Moore and Co., 81, St. Giles’
Rump, John, 8, Old Haymarket
Smith, William, 11, Lower Goat lane
Spauls, M. A., 7, Briggs’ street
Towler, Miss Hannah, Fye bridge
Waller, Elizabeth, Calvert street
Warman, Zachariah W., Bedford st., St. Andrew’s


_Hairdressers_—


Allen, William, Magdalen street
Amies, Benjamin, St. Catherine’s pln.
Bailey, S. John, West Pottergate str.
Bayes, Wm., Oak street, St. Martin’s
Betts, T., Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Bilby, William, Pitt street
Boughton, Samuel, Red Lion street
Bullen, William Vincent, Golden Ball street (_see Advertisement_)
Buttifant, Davis, Golden Ball street
Castle, W., Upper market
Crask, Henry, Coburg street
Crotch, Matthew, St. James’ street
Dew, Edmund B., Upper market
Dunn, Samuel, Magdalen street
Edwards, Edward, M., 40, London st.
Fairman, William, Barrack street
Ferra, John, King street
Gaze, Samuel, Lower Westwick street
Gedge, Wm., Upper Westwick street
Gerard, William S., Botolph street
Girdlestone, R., 8, Upper St. Giles
Gray, James, Rose lane
Hallows, Joseph, Royal Hotel street
Harmer, Elizabeth, Ber street
Harpley, Thomas, Cowgate street
Hartley, William, Little Orford street
Hill, Robert, Red Lion street
Hinds, Robert, St. Benedict’s street
Holmes, Robert, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
Kemp, George Pank, Exchange street
Lanham and Sword, 4, St. Giles’
Lincoln, M., Chapel st., Union place
Lofty, James, Colegate street
Marsh, Edward, Lower King street
Mason, Henry, Ber street
Moore, Isaac, West Pottergate street
Moore, James, Ber street
Moore, William, Ber street
Nobbs, James, Oak street
Nunn, John, St. Augustine’s
Parnell, William, Oak street
Plumstead, Frederick, Magdalen str.
Plumstead, Robert, Wensum street
Powell, John, St. Benedict’s street
Quinton, Benjamin, Thorn lane
Rainbird, Jonathan, Market-place
Randall, Thomas, Union place
Ray, J. A., Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Riches, Edward, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Riches, H., Chapel street, Crook’s place
Riches, Robert, Timberhill street
Seager, Elizabeth and Son, St. John’s
Seager, Robert, Castle meadow
Stigles, Daniel, Fishgate street
Swash, Sarah Ann, St. James’ street
Thorpe, Thomas, Coslany street
Thorpe, William, St. Stephen’s street
Tyzack, William, V., 13, London str.
Wade, Robert, Bank street
Ward, Charles P., White Lion street
Ward, Isaac, West Pottergate street
Webster, John, Ber street
Whall, Wm., Mill lane, New Catton
Wilding, Henry, 42, London street
Woodward, Henry, Lower King street


_Harness Makers_ (_see Saddlers and Harness Makers_)—
_Hatters_—


Allured, James, Timberhill street
Beatley and Son, London street
Brown and Barker, London street
Everett, William W., Red Lion st.
Jennings, Thomas, Magdalen street
Livock, William Thomas, London st.
Markham, John, West Pottergate st.
Norton, Francis J., Back of the Inns
Potter, Thomas and Co., 5, The Walk
Sommerville, J. J. and R., Magdalen street
Todd, John and Son, Queen street
Todd, William A., 10, London street
Tomlinson and Co., Castle street
Vincent, James, Red Lion street
Womack, George, White Lion street and Davey place


_Havel Makers_—


Barstead, Ann and Esther, Alms’ lane, Gildengate street
Hart, Robert, Golden Dog lane


_Herbalists_ (_see Medical Botanists_)—
_Hoop Maker_—


Shields, D., Prospect square, Scoles’ green


_Horse Breakers_—


Abel, John, Chapel Field road
Andrews, William, Westlegate street
Feek, William, West Pottergate street
Lemon, William, St. Stephen’s square
Pratt, Richard Jeremiah, Northumberland street, Heigham


_Horse Dealers_—


Abel, John, Chapel Field road
Andrews, William, Westlegate street
Feek, William, West Pottergate street
Robinson, James, Victoria street
Seaman, David, Chapel Field road


_Horse and Gig Letters_—


Beddingfield, Nelson, Westlegate str.
Howman, Wm., White Lion, Oak street
Kett, James, St. Giles’ street
Padget, John, Rampant Horse street
Spinks, James, Surrey street


_Horse-hair Manufacturers_—


Burrell, John, Gildengate street
Finch, William, (and crinoline) Prince Regent, Weaver’s lane
Gunton, Thomas, Oak street
Kemp, James, Bridge street, St. Giles’
Sadler, James, sen., Oak street
Sadler, James, jun., Oak street
Tolladay, Joseph, Lower Westwick street


_Hosiers_—


Asker, George Henry, 20, The Walk
Austrin, Mrs. Ann, 5, Orford hill
Bird, Henry, Briggs’ street
Boughen, William, Bank plain
Fairweather, Mrs. Lydia, London str.
Kent, Henry, 3, London street
Lane, Joseph, All Saints’ green
Littell, Charles, White Lion street
Markham, John, West Pottergate st.
Oxley, Richard, 6, London street
Page, Joseph, 13, Briggs’ street
Piggott, John H., St. Stephen’s street
Rump, John, 8, Old Haymarket
Rust, Mrs. H., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Smith, George, Ber street
Starling, Charles G., White Lion street
Stocks, Alfred Joseph, Briggs’ street
Theobald, T., and Son, London street
Tomlinson and Co., Castle street


_Hotels_ (_see Publicans_)—
_Hotpressers_—


Barker, T., Rosemary lane, Distillery street
Bayfield, William H., Gildengate str.
Blake and Everett, Gildengate street
Gedge, George, Coslany street
Howes, James, St. Miles’
Howes, T., Church street, St. Miles’
Metcalf, Francis, Colegate street
Stark and Co., Duke’s palace


_Iron and Brass Founders_—


Barnard, Bishop, and Barnards, Market place and St. Miles’
Barnard and Boulton, London street and Castle street
Barnes, John, Hank’s yd., St. Miles’
Blyth, R. and F., Ber street
Campling, James, Golden Ball street
Hewitt, George, Orford hill
Howard, Riches, and Watts, Duke’s Palace Iron Works
Murrell, W. and Co., Crook’s place
Smithdale, Thomas, King street (_see Advertisement_, _page_ 9)
Sparke and Co., Thorn lane and Castle hill (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 36,
37, 38)
Thompson, Robert, jun., Phœnix Iron Works, St. Clement’s
Turner, James Mangles, St. Martin’s at Palace
Wright, Jacob, St. Mary’s foundry, Muspole street


_Ironmongers_—


Barnard, Bishop, and Barnards, (manufacturing and general) St. Miles’ and
Market place
Barnard and Boulton, (manufacturing and general) London street and Castle
street
Bayfield, Ann and Sons, 34, Magdalen street
Browne, J. and Sons, 4, Upper market
Buttifant, Henry, Grapes’ hill
Buttifant, Henry and Josiah, William street, Heigham
Colman and Glendenning, Rampant Horse street
Cubitt, Samuel Durrant, (wholesale) Mitchell’s court, Market place
Flatt, John, Magdalen street
Flatt, William, 52, St. Stephen’s st.
Havers, Charles, Charing cross
Hornor, Robert T., Post Office street
Howlett and Co., 6, Old Haymarket
Kiddell, Joshua, Timberhill street
Parlour, Henry E., 15, London street
Pigg, Edmund, (furnishing and general) St. Stephen’s
Pinson, Henry, Bank plain
Piper and Pigg, 5, London street
Stevens, Gardner C., Orford hill
Thompson, Robert, Castle street and Colegate street (and wholesale)
Thorns, Robert and Co., Exchange street (and wholesale)
White, Frederick, St. Faith’s lane


_Italian Warehousemen_ (_see also Grocers_)—


Back and Co., 3 and 4, Haymarket
Belding, W., Magdalen street
Butcher, R. and Nephew, Bank plain
Copeman and Sons, The Walk
Hardy, James, Rampant Horse street
Lake, W., Surrey corner, St. Stephen’s
Newson and Co., Stump cross
Wolton, Durrant and Co., London st.


_Ivory Turner_—


Hines, Charles, Muspole street


_Jewellers_ (_see Silversmiths and Jewellers_)—
_Jewellers_ (_working_)—


Davis, Mark, Ber street
Hayward, J. J., Little Loudon street
James, B., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Smith, Samuel H., Back of the Inns


_Land Surveyors_ (_see Surveyors_)—
_Last and Boot-tree Makers_—


Alden, James, Ber street
Barnard, John, Coslany street
Barnard, Stephen, (and patten maker) Oak street
Curtis, John, Fishgate street
Fisher, George, Union place
Good, T., Bridge street, St. George’s (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 13)
Joyce, James, Ber street
Palmer, William, Timberhill street


_Lath Benders_—


Beaney, John, Dial yard, Coslany str.


_Law Stationer_—


Stevens, John Thos., Castle meadow


_Leather Merchants and Cutters_ (_see also Curriers_)—


Armes, Robert, Dove street
Beare, Samuel Shalders, Bridge street, St. George’s
Blackburn, J. B., St. Stephen’s plain
Bostock, Edwin and Thomas, Swan lane and Pottergate street
Brooks, Cooper, St. Stephen’s plain
Cooke, E., St. John’s Maddermarket
Curtis, Wm., Upper Westwick street
Foulsham, Henry, Magdalen street
Gibson, Robert, St. Stephen’s street
Gooch, Samuel Irwin, 9, Davey place
Hotblack, John and Co., Orford hill
Howell, William, Lower Goat lane
Leamon, Robert, (and tanner) Upper market, and Whitwell
Marston, A. A., Timberhill street
Martin, Benjamin A., St. Gregory’s Church alley
Martin, G. and R., St. Gregory’s Church alley
Page, George and Son, Magdalen str.
Phillips, William, All Saints’ street
Sayer, William, Upper Westwick str.
Sidney and Armes, Dove street
Tillyard and Howlett, St. George’s plain
Ulph, Thomas, 1, Dove street
Winter, Charles, Upper market
Wood, George James, Sussex street
Woods, George John, St. Gregory’s Church alley


_Letter Founder_—


Cohen, Mrs., Scole’s green


_Lime Burners_—


Cattermoul, John O., Pitt street
Ewing, John W., Exchange street and Eaton
Pearce, Philip, The Compasses, Upper King street
Pennick, Robert, Silver road
Poll, Robert, Dereham road
Underwood and Gaze, Chalk hill, Thorpe
Varvil, James, Trowse Newton


_Linen Drapers_ (_see Drapers_)
_Lithographers_—


Browne, William and Co., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Dallinger and Son, 12, Davey place
Emslie, James and Son, Back of the Inns (_see Advertisement_)
Hall, William, White Lion street
Loades, Benjamin, 55, Pottergate st.


_Livery Stable Keepers_—


Beddingfield, Nelson, Westlegate st.
Cook, Ann, Pitt street
Mayhew, J., Hales’ court, Chapel field
Platten, Mrs. Mary, Upper Surrey st.
Spinks, James, Surrey street
Sword, John, Rose lane


_Locksmiths_ (_see Whitesmiths_, _&c._)—
_Lodging House Keepers_—


Aldridge, Mrs. Susan, 4, Grapes hill
Allcock, Trivett, Tombland
Arnott, Robert, Distillery street
Bensley, John, Mousehold
Berwick, Mary, Mount Pleasant
Brown, Henry, William street
Brown, Wm., John street, Rose lane
Brown, Mrs., Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Cannell, Elizabeth, Unthank’s road
Cattermoul, Mrs. E., St. Benedict’s pl.
Cawdron, Henry, Bethel street
Chaplin, George, Lower close
Chettleburgh, Henry, 55, St. Giles’ st.
Church, Mrs. M., Theatre street
Cobin, William, Pottergate street
Cook, Ann, St. Faith’s lane
Cooper, Mrs. Sarah, Lower close
Culyer, Mrs. Ann, Grapes hill
Curtis, Sarah, White Friars’ street
Ellis, Mrs. Priscilla, 15 and 16, Chapel Field
Goulty, Charles, 3, Vauxhall terrace, Julian place
Hardy, Mrs. Ann, 8, St. Stephen’s sq.
Hicks, Ann, Pitt street
Hopkins, Stephen, Lower close
Hopson, Mrs. C., 14, Castle meadow
Horner, Mrs., St. Mary’s alley
Housego, Jemima, Rose lane
Howard, A., Grove place, Lakenham
Howes, J., Bridge street, St. George’s
James, Grace, Rose lane
Ladell, Sarah, Magdalen street
Leman, Mrs. Emily, Bethel street
Lusher, Mrs. D., 36, Victoria street
Middleton, Thos., St. Stephen’s gates
Morrish, Emily, Windsor terrace, Grove road
Paine, Mrs. Mary, Elm hill
Paston, Charles, Ber street
Powley, William, Theatre street
Rackham, Mrs. H., Mount Pleasant
Reynoldson, Mrs. M. L., St. Lawrence lane
Riches, Mrs. Ann, Brunswick road
Sainty, Mary, Bethel street
Sapey, J., St. Stephen’s Church lane
Saul, Sarah Ann, Surrey road
Seeley, E. and H., St. Stephen’s plain
Sharp, Mrs. L., Chapel Field road
Sparkhall, Emily, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Stebbings, Mrs. Sarah, Rose lane
Studwell, Mrs. S., St. Benedict’s road
Tann, Mary A., Hall road, Lakenham
Tomlinson, Hannah, Bank plain
Tuck, James Stannard, Surrey street
Weavers, Elizabeth, 1, Pottergate str.
Whaites, Mrs. H., Surrey street
Wigg, Sarah, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Wittrick, Henry, Priest’s buildings, St. Stephen’s road


_Lucifer Match Manufacturers_—


Lincoln, John, Pump street
Mace, Gilbert, Barrack street
Pearce, Thorne, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Staff, John, St. Martin’s at Oak
Dunn, William, Silver road


_Maltsters_ (_see also Brewers_)—


Arnold, G. and A. R., St. Margaret’s
Browne, F., King street
Bullard, R., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Clarke, Charles, Coslany street
Cozens, J. and Son, Upper Westwick street
Mealing and Mills, Lower King st.
Morgan, J. B. and H., King street
Read, Thomas W. and Co., Trowse mills, and Cannon wharf, King street
Redgrave, J., St. Miles’ Church street
Sexton, E., Whalebone inn, New Catton
Steward, Patteson, Finch and Co., Pockthorpe
Weston, C., St. George’s Bridge st.
Youngs, Crawshay, and Youngs, King street


_Masons_ (_see Stone and Marble Masons_)—
_Manufacturers_—


Allen, George, St. Stephen’s factory
Barber, John Lee and Co., (cotton) St. Martin’s lane
Berry, Richard, St. Paul’s Back lane
Blakely, William, Pitt street
Bolingbroke, Charles and Frederick, St. Clement’s Church alley
Caley, Nathaniel Henry, London st.
Clabburn, Sons, and Crisp, Pitt street
Clarke, John, Calvert street
Colman, J. and J., (mustard, starch, and blue) Stoke mills and Carrow
works
Copestake, Moore, Crompton and Co., (lace and muslin); manager, Mr.
William Gibson, The Chantry
Creasby, Edmund, (hosiery, elastic web and belt) Colegate street
Crisp, Thomas Dawson, Pitt street
Cubitt, Stannard, St. George’s plain
Cundall, Benjamin and Son, (shawl) The Walk
Day, Thomas S., (silk) Sussex street
Geary, William, Gildengate street
Grout and Co., (silk and mourning crape) Lower Westwick street
Hinde, E. and F., Botolph street
Jay, George, (mohair) King street
Kemp, James, (crinoline) Bridge st., St. Miles’
Mallett, C., (silk) Fishgate street
Mallett, Joseph H., (mohair) Lower King street
Middleton and Answorth, Calvert st.
Miles, Stephen, St. Augustine’s street
Perowne, James J., 1, William street
Skelton, John, Fishgate street
Stannard, Cubitt, St. George’s plain
Sultzer, J. and Co., St. Augustine’s st.
Thurgar and Co., (mustard and condensed egg) King street
Towler, Rowling, and Allen, Elm hill
Widdows, Francis, Cowgate street
Willement, Richard, Calvert street
Willett, Nephew and Co., Pottergate street
Williams, Case, and Potter, Calvert street
Wright, John and Son, Elm hill


_Manure Manufacturers_—


Bagshaw George, Coslany street
Parker, Thomas, St. Stephen’s
Pointer, William, Mousehold
Powell, William, Oak street
Reynolds, E., Pockthorpe hamlet
Stark and Co., Duke’s palace (works at Rockland St. Mary)


_Marine Store Dealers_—


Bridges, William, Coslany street
Brooks, John, Golden Ball street
Cullingford, F., St. Benedict’s street
Cullingford, Thomas, Botolph street
Cullingford, William, Ber street
Gardiner, William, St. Paul’s street
Ineson, Joseph, Elm hill
Pearson, William, Grapes hill
Plunkett, David, St. Martin’s walls
Wenn, William, Cowgate street


_Mattress Makers_—


Conyers, M., St. Benedict’s churchyard
Tolladay, J., Lower Westwick street


_Medical Botanists_—


Brightwell, Thomas, Bridge street, St. George’s
Johnson, Samuel, Vauxhall street
Matthews and Son, Dereham road
Roberts, Henry, Rising Sun road
Stigles, Daniel, Fishgate street


_Merchants_—


Barber and Son, (corn) Old Haymarket
Barber, Alfred Wilsea, and Co., (general) Duke’s palace
Barnard, John, (corn and hay) Golden Ball street
Bateman, J. and Son, (wool, silk, yarn, and cotton) Gildengate street
Batson, Edward, (corn) Magdalen st.
Bircham and Pyle, (corn) Wensum st.
Boardman and Sursham, (hop, corn, and coal) Wensum street
Brown, Frederick, (corn) Lower King street
Brown, George, King street
Bullard, Richard, (corn and coal) Bridge street, St. Miles’
Barcham, Samuel, (corn and coal) Oak street
Clabburn & Sparks, (corn) Magdalen street
Clarke and Reeve, Duke’s palace wharf
Claxton, William and George, (skin) Horn’s lane, King street
Cook, Edward, (corn) Infirmary road
Cozens, James and Son, (corn and coal) Upper Westwick street
Crisp, John, (corn) Cinder Ovens yard, King street
Culley and Hart, (general) Duke’s palace
Davey, Thos., and Son, (silk) Pitt st.
Dawbarn, James, (coal and salt) Castle meadow
Dowson, Benjamin Utting, (corn and coal) Duke’s palace
Dunmore, Robert, (corn and seed) St. Benedict’s street
Dunmore, Thomas, (corn) Bridge street, St. Miles’
Eastern Counties’ Company., (coal) London street
Everett, Thomas, Trory street, Unthank’s road
Girling, William, (corn, hay, and straw) Golden Ball street
Gorell, Robert Atkinson, (cotton and silk) Muspole street
Hart, John, (corn and timber) St. Giles’ street
Hawkes, Robert, (wool) Willow lane
Hazlewood, C. J., (corn) Weaver’s lane
Hill, E. R., (corn) 2, Exchange street
Jecks, William and Charles, (timber) St. Faith’s lane
Kerry, Henry Watson, (coal) Hall road, Lakenham
Ketton, James, (oil cake) Rose lane
Kitton, George, St. Faith’s lane
Lamb, Benjamin Charles, (coal) Magdalen street
Larkman, William Augustus, (corn) Lower King street
Legood, Samuel, (hay) Prospect square
Leney, Samuel, Thorpe hamlet
Leveux and Co., (wine and spirit) agent, W. E. Filbey, Stamp Office yard
Lord, John, (wool and yarn) Duke street
Manser, William, (timber) Thorn lane
Mealing and Mills, (coal) Lower King street
Merry, Robert, (coal) Victoria Railway station
Mills, James, (coal) Castle meadow
Mollett, Rizen, (coal) Magdalen street
Morris, John, (slate) Lower King str.
Osborn, Charles, (corn) Ber street
Orfeur, John, (timber), Fishgate street
Pepworth, J., (coal) Victoria station
Phillips, Robert, White Lion street
Pigg, Frederick, (mahogany and deal) St. George’s Bridge wharf
Pope, Robert, W. St. Benedict’s street
Porter, Robert, (coal) 2, West-end terrace, Grapes hill
Pymar, John, (wool and silk) Castle meadow
Read, Gurney, (coal) Badding lane, Quay side
Read, Thomas W. and Co., (corn and coal) Trowse mills and Cannon wharf,
King street
Read, William, (coal) Elm hill
Redgrave, Joseph, (corn) St. Miles’ Church street
Reynolds, E. and Co., (oil) King str.
Roe, John C., St. George’s plain
Saul, Wm. S., (timber) Pottergate str.
Scales, Jeremiah, (timber) Chapel Field road and Oxford street
Sheppard, Robert, (hop and seed) Weston’s court, Upper market
Springfield, Son, and Nephew, (silk) St. Martin’s lane
Stark, Wm. and Co., Duke’s Palace bridge
Steward, Robert and Co., (timber) King street
Towell, Wm., (seed) Upper King str.
Watling, Robert, (corn) Cinder Ovens yard, King street
Williamson, Henry, (corn, flour, and seed) St. Stephen’s street
Wolton, Durrant, and Co., (hops) London street


_Midwives_—


Cox, Sarah, Oak street
Dowde, Mary Eve, St. Margaret’s Church alley
Elvin, Mary, Ber street
Fuller, Maria, Ber street
Martins, Sarah, St. Martin’s lane
Whitehead, Mary, Sussex street


_Millers_ (_see Corn Millers_)—
_Milliners_, _Dressmakers_, _&c._—


Ames, Mrs. Edward, Distillery street
Andrews, Mrs. E., West Pottergate st.
Angell, Susannah, Calvert street
Balls, Hannah, Pitt street
Belden, Miss S., Ber street
Bloomfield, Amelia, Botolph street
Blythe, Louisa, St. Augustine’s
Botton, Ann Elizabeth, New Catton
Boyce, Harriet, Redwell street
Bradfield, Mrs. R., West Pottergate st.
Breeze, Miss H. S., Rupert street
Brett, Sophia, Union place
Browes, Miss Pamela, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Brown, Miss Ann, Mariners’ lane
Brown, Miss A. M., Muspole street
Brown, Eliza, Norfolk street
Brown, Maria, Bridge st., St. George’s
Brundall, Mrs. M. A., Upper King st.
Bugg, Mrs. H., St. Augustine’s street
Bulgin, H., (wholesale mourning milliner) Freeman’s villas, Unthank’s rd.
Burton, Emma, Trafalgar street
Chambers, Sarah, Ber street gates
Chandler, Miss H., St. Stephen’s road
Clark, Mrs. S., Vauxhall street
Clarke, Eliza, King street
Clarke, Eliza M. and C., 37, Pottergate street
Clarke, Mary Ann, Upper King street
Claxton, Louisa, Fishgate street
Coble, The Misses, Elm hill
Cogman, Mrs. Emma, Prince’s street
Cole, Mrs. Harriet, Lower King street
Colman, Sarah, Bethel street
Cook Charlotte, 50, St. Giles’ street
Cooper, Mrs. Honor, Stepping lane
Cooper, Jane, Magdalen street
Copeman and Bell, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Crowe, Ann, Ten Bell lane
Cunningham, Mrs. M. A., 4, Duke st.
Curme, Elizabeth, Magdalen street
Dade, Charlotte, 3, Swan lane
Daniels, Miss Hannah, Magdalen st.
Davy, Miss Jane, Upper St. Giles’ st.
Deigham, Mrs. Sophia, Duke street
Denmark, Rebecca, New Catton
Dickinson, Mrs. S. C., St. Stephen’s rd.
Dove, Ann, Rupert street
Downes, Catherine, Cowgate street
Downes, Maria, Duke street
Drake, Mrs. Mary, All Saints’ green
Elliott, Miss Mary, Bank street
Evans, Misses Lucy and Emma
Fairhead, Louisa, Pottergate street
Fitzgerald, Louisa, Cowgate street
Foley, Mrs. Susan, Union place
Ford, Ann, Wellington lane, St. Giles’
Ford, Elizabeth, Pitt street
Fuller, E., Pitt street
Goading, William, Red Lion street
Godferey, Elizabeth, Duke street
Goffin, Mrs. Mary, Golden Dog lane
Goldspring, Mary Ann, William street
Gooch, Phœbe, Thorn lane
Goose, Mrs. Emma, 15, Briggs’ street
Goreham, Sarah, Lothian street
Gosnold, Ellen Sarah, Surrey road
Green, Miss Ann, Post Office street
Green, Hannah, St. Catherine’s terrace
Green, Mary Ann, Colegate street
Grice, Mrs. Mary Ann, Gildengate st.
Gunton, Elizabeth, Julian street
Hall, H., Cowgate street
Havers, Amelia, Fishgate street
Haward, The Misses, Theatre street
Hewitt, Charlotte, West Pottergate st.
Hewitt, L., Lothian st., Dereham rd.
Hill, Miss Clara, Red Lion street
Holmes, Mary Ann, Museum court, St. Andrew’s
Homewood, Miss Anna, Brazen Doors road
Houghton, Miss L., Upper Market
Howard, Miss Ann, Theatre street
Howard, Mrs. Emily, St. Faith’s lane
Howes, Deborah, Magdalen street
Hughes, Ann, Upper Westwick street
Hurn, Mary and Elizabeth, Bank st.
Isbell, Miss Maria, Charles street
Iungus, Miss Kate, Theatre street
Jeffries, Mrs. Emily, 56, St. Giles’
Johnson, Harriet, Lower Westwick st.
Keeble, Mrs. Harriet, Rose lane
Kew, Louisa, 45, Upper St. Giles’
King, Matilda and Rachel, Calvert st.
Kingdom, The Misses, Sussex street
Knevett and Hall, Magdalen street
Knevett, Harriet, Upper Westwick st.
Knowles, Mrs. H., Rising Sun lane
Lambert, Mrs. Eliza, Kimberley st.
Lawter, E., St. Julian’s street, Thorn lane
Lilly, Mrs. Maria, Bishopgate street
Lohr, Mrs. Lydia, 6, Briggs’ street
Love, Miss Amelia, Kimberley street
Mace, Mrs., Lothian street
Maltman, Janet, St. Benedict’s road
Manning, The Misses M. and C., Wellington st., Union place
Margarson, Mrs. Ann, Alma square, Julian place
Middleton, Mrs. M., Bishopgate st.
Miles, Mrs. E., 5, Theatre street
Miller, Mrs. E., Westlegate street
Moore, Mrs. M. E., Coburg street
Moore, Mrs. Sarah, Grapes’ hill
Mortimer, Miss, Willow lane
Murrell, Miss M. A., Trowse
Newham, Miss M., William street
Newhouse, Miss S., St. Paul’s Back lane
Norton, Mrs. P., Lower Goat lane
Page, Mrs., 4, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Palmer, Sophia, Ber street
Parfitt, Mrs. Martha, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Parker, Miss Mary, Bethel street
Parr, Caroline, Ber street
Parsley, Maria, Grapes’ hill
Paston, Caroline, Grapes’ hill
Payne, Miss E., 64, Bethel street
Pearson, Miss H., St. Andrew’s hill
Perry, Mrs. Mary, Bethel street
Pigg, Mrs. E., William st., Heigham
Piggin, Miss Mary Ann, Surrey st.
Pilgrim, Mrs. M. A., Pottergate street
Potter, Mrs. H., Little London street
Pope, Mrs. William, 23, Bethel street
Press, Miss Sarah, Rupert st., Union place
Quintin, Mrs. H., Grout’s thoroughfare, Timberhill street
Read, Mrs. C., 23, Alma square, Julian place
Reeve, Louisa, Lower Westwick st.
Riches, Lucy, Queen street
Roper, Agnes, Ten Bell lane
Rudd, Mary Ann, Calvert street
Sawford, Ann Maria, Cow hill
Scofield, Susan, Upper St. Giles’
Scott, Miss E., Crescent place, Chapel Field road
Severn and Blackwell, Botolph street
Shalders, Mrs. C., Bethel street
Sharman, Miss Rachel, Eldon row, Chapel Field road
Sharon, Mrs. R., Pottergate street
Shaw, Miss E., Douro terrace, St. Giles’ road
Short, Mrs., Trory st., Unthank’s road
Short, Miss Mary, 4, Gildengate st.
Sibley, Mrs. R., Fisher’s lane
Sissen, Miss L., Rose lane
Skipper, Mrs. R., Surrey road
Smith, M. A., Rigby’s court, St. Giles’
Sparke, Miss E., Chapel Field road
Spurgeon, E., Suffolk st., Union place
Stannard, Harriet, Infirmary road
Starling, Mrs. S., Chapel st., Union place
Starling, Miss R., West Pottergate st.
Stearman, Eliza, Whitefriars’ street
Steward, Miss M. A., St. Martin at palace
Steward, Miss Mary, Little Globe street, Union place
Thirkettle, Mrs. M. A., Timberhill st.
Thompson and Corrick, 60, St. Giles’ street
Tomlinson, Miss A., Bishopgate street
Townshend, Miss Sarah, Botolph str.
Tye, Jemima, Ber street
Vincent, E., St. Miles’ Church alley
Walker, Mrs. Ann, Peacock street
Waller, Elizabeth, Calvert street
Ward, Mrs. Maria, Albemarle street, Crook’s place
Wardle, Sarah, St. Mary’s plain
Weavers, Miss F. M., John st., Rose la.
Websdale, Harriet, Surrey street
Webster, Emma, Philadelphia
Webster, Mrs. S. A., Botolph street
Wild, Elizabeth, Cowgate street
Williamson, Mrs. T., Duke’s palace
Wortley, Miss Martha, 5, Briggs’ str.
Youell, C., Globe street, Union place
Youels, William, St. Catherine’s plain
Zobel, Mrs. M., Rupert street


_Millinery Establishments_ (_see also Milliners and Dressmakers_)—


Fairweather, Mrs. L., London street
Howard and Co., London street
Huson and Co., London street
Jones, Elizabeth, Briggs’ street
Lohr, Lydia, Briggs’ street
White, Anna and D., London street


_Millwrights_—


Brown and Wright, King street
Campling, James, Golden Ball street
Dobson, James, Calvert street
Fulcher, William, Mousehold heath
Gaze, William, St. Paul’s Back lane
Holmes and Sons, Prospect place works, Globe lane
Howard, Riches, and Watts, Duke’s Palace iron works
Smithdale, Thomas, King street, (_see Advertisement_, _page_ 9)
Wright, John, Alma terrace, St. Augustine’s road


_Music Warehouses_ (_see Pianoforte and Music Warehouses_)—
_Musical Instrument Makers and Repairers_—


Dambrock, John, Ber street
Gooderham, Samuel, Elm hill
Madge, Giles, Botolph street
Smyth, William, Union place


_Mustard Manufacturers_—


Colman, J. and J., Carrow and Stoke Holy Cross
Thurgar and Co., King street


_News Agents_—


Bramwell, D. K., 9, Upper St. Giles’ street
Darken, James, Little London street
Daynes, John, Back of the Inns
Hill, Lot, Bridewell alley
Jeary, Robert, Bridewell alley
Nockall, Mrs. E., 2, Lower Goat lane
Rumball, J. G., Vauxhall st., Union place
Walker, R., Church street, St. Miles’
Willsea, Mrs. H., Orford hill
Woodcraft, James, Fishgate street
Woolnough, T., Prince’s street


_Nurserymen_, _Seedsmen_, _Florists_, _&c._—


Allen, Robert, Grove place, Lakenham
Bell, J., Exchange st. and Bracondale
Booty, John, St. Stephen’s road
Brown, David, 41, London street (_see Advertisement_)
Ewing, J. W., Exchange st. and Eaton
Hill, John, Newmarket road
Hussey, Wm., St. Catherine’s plain
Jay, Benjamin, St. Faith’s lane
Lawes, Robt. C., (seedsman) Julian st.
Nunn, John, St. Augustine’s
Reynolds, W., Hall road, Lakenham
Smith, Wm., Nelson street, Heigham
Soons, John, St. Augustine’s
Steward, John, Exchange street


_Oil Cake Manufacturer_—


Ketton, John, Rose lane


_Oil and Colormen_ (_see Ironmongers_)—
_Opticians_—


Allen, John B., London street
Dixon, Thomas, 6, Bridewell alley (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 8)
Keyzor, Michael, St. Giles’ street
Piggin and Dyball, Post Office street
Sawyer and Co., 42, London street


_Organ Builder_—


Noble, Mark, bazaar, St. Andrew’s Broad street


_Out-fitters_ (_see Clothiers and Tailors_)—
_Painters_ (_see Plumbers_, _Glaziers and Painters_, _and also Grainers_,
_&c._)—
_Paper Bag Makers_—


Page, S. D. and Son, 23, Old Haymarket
Thorndick and Co., Prince’s street


_Paper Hangers_ (_see also Upholsterers_)—


Kirkham, Dennis, Redwell street
Mounsear, William, Pottergate street
Tarte, William, Botolph street


_Paper Manufacturers_—


Butcher, Brothers, Palace plain
Nash, W. S., Lower Westwick street
Robberds and Money, Chapel Field road (mills at Lyng)


_Patten and Clog Makers_—


Bradfield, Frederick, Little London st.
Cook, Samuel, 6, Davey place
Harper, James K., St. Benedict’s st.
Rogers and Page, Wensum street
Scott, Peter Thomas, White Lion st.


_Pawnbrokers_—


Ballord, Edmund, All Saints’ green
Boston, William, Orford hill
Christie, Thomas, Colegate street
Cott, Thomas, Pottergate street
Green, W. P., St. Martin’s at Palace pl.
Griggs, F. W., Upper King street
Harvey, Isaac, William street
Havers, William, St. Paul’s plain
Johnson, A., Lower Westwick street
Joseph and Samuel, Timberhill
Knights and Ballord, All Saints’ green
Knights, Charlotte, Ber street
Knights, James, Upper Westwick st.
Morgan, W. R., St. Saviour’s lane
Owen, Thomas, Colegate street
Pitcher, H., St. John’s Maddermarket
Shalders, Noah, Westlegate street
Sheward, William, Lower King street
Woodrow, Thomas, St. Miles’


_Perambulator and Invalid’s Carriage Maker_—


Boswell, T., St. John’s Maddermarket


_Perfumers_—


Asker, George Henry, The Walk
Edwards, Edward M., 40, London st.
Lanham and Sword, St. Giles
Plumsted, Robert, Wensum street
Tyzack, Wm. V., 13, London street
Wilding, Henry, 42, London street


_Photographic Artists_—


Ames, Edward Cooper, Distillery st.
Boswell, — Magdalen street
Childs and Curry, Golden Ball street
Freeman, W., jun., Rampant Horse street
Huggins, John, 17, Davey place
Ord, William, Westlegate street and Rose lane
Rogers and Havers, (and dealers in photographic apparatus, &c.) 5, Davey
place
Sawyer and Co., (and dealers in photographic goods) 42, London st.
Taney, William, Timberhill street
Webb, John, Cowgate street


_Physicians_—


Copeman, Edward, St. Giles’ plain
Dalrymple, Donald, Surrey street
Dove, Harry, Tombland
Eade, Peter, Queen street
Hartman, Francis A., Surrey street
Hutchison, Charles, Surrey street
Johnson, James, The Chantry
Ranking, William H., St. Giles’ st.


_Pianoforte and Music Warehouses_—


Darken and Colsey, 6, London street
Fish, Wm., Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Howlett, William, 2, The Walk


_Pianoforte Makers_—


Russell and Son, Magdalen street


_Pianoforte Hammer Rail Maker_—


Cary, J. H., St. James’ factory


_Picture Dealer_—


Wigger, J. H. A., Bethel street


_Pill Box Manufacturers_—


Betts, Osborne, Waterloo road, New Catton
Blackmore, A., West Wymer street, Heigham
Britton, John, Oak street
Bull, George, Silver street
Dunn, William, Silver road
Lincoln, John, Pump street
Parker, William, Sussex street
Saul, J., West Pottergate street
Snelling, Robert, (paper) Hawthorn row, West End street, Holl’s lane


_Plane Makers_ (_see also Tool Makers_)—


Griffiths, Hannah, Lower Goat lane
Leist, James, Wensum street
Stone, Henry, Magdalen street


_Plasterers_ (_see Bricklayers and Plasterers_)—
_Plumbers_, _Painters_, _Glaziers_, _&c._—


Atwood, Thomas, Pottergate street
Barker, Robert, Orford hill
Belson, Robert, King street
Blythe, Eldred, (Nursery tavern) Nelson street, Heigham
Bowen, William, Pottergate street
Brady, Alfred T., Hall rd., Lakenham
Bray, Charles, Timberhill street and Castle hill (_see Advertisement_,
_p._ 15)
Bunting, John, St. Giles’ road
Burgess, Robert, Chapel Field road
Campling, Thomas, Coslany street
Candler, John, St. Saviour’s lane
Clabburn, James, Oak street
Cletheroe, James, City road, Heigham
Cooke, James, Scoles’ green
Cooper, William, (Plough inn) St. Benedict’s street
Cousins, William, Lady’s lane
Dabson, Thomas, Botolph street
Delph, William, St. Augustine’s
Devereaux, Edmund, Gildengate st. (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 27)
Dawson, Edward, Duke street
Dunn, Richard, Surrey grove
Dye, Christopher, Barrack street
Ellingham, Henry, Elm hill
Gilbert, Samuel James, Grapes’ hill
Gooch, George Carver, King street, (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 21)
Green, John, Pottergate street
Hall, James, All Saints’ green
Hall, James, 10, Magdalen street
Hardy, W. E., 5, Little London st.
Harvey, William, William street
Hawes, George, Mariner’s lane
Hazelwood, C. A., Trafalgar street
Hill, John, Orford hill
Howard, James, St. Stephen’s street
Homes, William C., Ber street
Hubbard, Henry, Westlegate street
Jay, John, St. Andrew’s hill
Jones, Peter, St. Andrew’s hill
Jones, W., St. Gregory’s Church alley
Kerr, John, Lower Goat lane
King, John and James, Prince’s street
King, Thomas Charles R., Tombland and Elm hill
Lacey, John, St. Margaret’s lane
Love, Charles, Palace street
Mansfield, James, St. Stephen’s street
Mason, J., Elm terrace, New Catton
Norman, Robert, 6, York place, Chapel Field road
Paston, Thomas, Magdalen street
Quadling, Henry, Lower King street
Read, George, Bartholomew street
Read, Joseph J., Julian street
Say, Mrs. Sarah, 14, St. Giles’
Scott, W., Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Self, Thomas, Tombland
Starland, George and E., Surrey street
Surflin, William, Bank street
Taylor, William James, New Catton
Thwaites, Isaac M., Thorn lane
Turner, J., (painter) St. Lawrence lane
Turner, John J., (painter) Barn road
Weeks, William, St. Augustine’s street
Wilde, Frederick, St. Stephen’s street
Winter, William, Timberhill street
Wordingham, Robert, Rose tavern, Hall road, Lakenham
Wright and Son, Mission place, King street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 34)
Wright, Walter, Surrey place


_Printers_ (_letter-press_)—


Bacon, Richard N., 12, London street
Bardwell, Marcus G., Prince’s street
Barnes, Charles, Bedford street
Colby, Richard, Golden Dog lane
Cundall, Miller, and Leavins, Rampant Horse street
Davy, John, St. Clement’s Church alley
Daynes, Samuel, St. Stephen’s
Fletcher, Josiah, 8, The Walk
Iungius, Mrs. Jemima, Pottergate str.
Jarrold and Sons, London and Exchange streets
Kerr, Stephen John, All Saints’ green
Lemmon, Robert, Willow lane
Matchett and Stevenson, Chronicle office, Market place
Norfolk News’ Proprietors, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Norman, Benjamin, Old Haymarket
Otty, Philip, Orford hill
Page, S. D. and Son, 23, Old Haymarket
Parkinson, John W., Globe street, Union place
Pigg, Henry, 7, London street
Soman and Howes, St. Andrew’s hill
Stacy, Henry W., Haymarket
Stevens, Wm. H., Upper Goat lane
Stewardson, W. H., Little London st.
Thorndick and Co., Prince’s street
Upcroft, William, Fishgate street
Walker, R., Church street, St. Miles’


_Professors and Teachers_—


Beauchamp, Miss, (music) Heigham road
Buck, Zachariah, (doctor of music) Upper close
Bunnett, Edward, (music) The Close
Burton, Frederick C., (music) St. Stephen’s road
Caro, Rev. Simon, (languages) Ber st.
Carver, Miss C. E., (music) Douro terrace, Heigham grove
Chilvers, James, (music) Pitt street
Clarke, Frederick Edward, (tunist) Prince’s street
Cox, William Henry, (music) Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Critchfield, S., (music) Upper King st.
Crook, Madame Oury and Miss Clarissa, (dancing and singing) Tombland
Curtis, Lambert G., (music and singing) 57, St. Giles’ street
Dodd, Miss Harriet, (music) Chapel Field road
Finegan, Thomas W., (languages) Cow hill
Fish, William, (music) Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Fitzgerald, Charles, Rose lane
Freeman, James, jun., (music) Caledonia terrace, Dereham road
Fuller, H. N., (music) Trafalgar st.
Gaul, E. J., (music) Magdalen street
Gooderham, Samuel, (tunist) Elm hill
Harcourt, James, Colegate street
Hastings, G., (music) Somerleyton st.
Heaviside, J., (drawing and painting) Church st., St. Simon’s
Hill, Horace, (music) 46, Pottergate street
Hill, J. F., (music) St. Giles’ terrace
Howlett, H., (music) St. Benedict’s road
Howlett, Walter, (music) Valentine street
Howlett, William, (music) The Walk
Jackson, H. C., (music) Fishgate st.
Jackson, James, (music) Cowgate st.
Jackson, W., (music) Prince’s street
Jackson, William, sen., (music) Fishgate street
Klein, Herr Hermann, (German)—German Master at the Grammar School—Bridge
st., St. Andrew’s
Ladbrooke, John Barney, (drawing) Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Lantenant, Camille Louis, (languages) Prince’s street
Larkman, W., (singing) Gildengate st.
Littlewood, F. B., (music) Colegate st.
Madge, Robert A., (music) Pitt street
Mann, H., (music) John st., Rose lane
Noverre, F., (dancing) Theatre square
Noverre, Miss Josephine, (singing and the concertina) Theatre square
Noverre, Miss Sophia, (pianoforte and harp) Theatre square
Nursey, Claude L., (drawing) Government School of Art
Paston, B., (music) Till’s court, Ber street
Plummer, Miss Elizabeth, (music) St. Andrew’s
Pace, W. H., (music) Somerleyton st.
Rudd, Henry, (singing) Duke street
Scott, John, (languages) Bank street
Slonitz, Leopold, (languages) Bethel street
Springfield, Thomas, (calisthenics) Kimberley street
Tayler, Francis G., (music) Grove place, Lakenham
Thurgar, A. H., (languages) St. Catherine’s plain
Trory, John (music) Elm hill
Vlieland, Jerome N., (languages) Redwell street
Widdows, Charles, (music) John st., Rose lane


_Provision Dealers_—


Brown, Charles, 57, St. Stephen’s st.
Burton, Gent, 12, Dove street
Harley, John P., St. Benedict’s street
Howman, Samuel, Upper Market
Kerrison, James, Magdalen street
Nash, Joseph, (and cheese and bacon factor) Post Office street
Norton, Robert, Fye bridge
Parish, J., Mill lane, New Catton
Pull, Elizabeth Mary, Bull close


_Publicans_ (_see also Beer Retailers_)—


Adam and Eve, Howes, R. H., Tabernacle street
Adelphi, Browne, J., White Lion st.
Albert Tavern, Coleman, S., Ber st.
Albion House, English, Mrs. Sarah, Market place
Albion Tavern, Middleton, Thomas, Heigham
All Saints, Payne, John, All Saints’ green
Allies, Cattermoul, William, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Allies Tavern, Bennett, John, Upper Heigham
Alma Tavern, Bush, Rebecca, Pottergate street
Anchor, Turner, Joseph, Surrey st.
Anchor, Osborn, C., Ten Bell lane
Anchor of Hope, Sparrow, Charles, Bracondale
Angel, Dover, Charles, New Catton
Angel, Harris, William, Trowse
Artichoke, King, R., Magdalen gates
Bakers’ Arms, Myhill, Ann, St. Martin’s at Palace
Bakers’ Arms, Ives, John, Ber street
Bakers’ Arms, Betts, J., Coslany st.
Bakers’ Arms, Higgins, Henry, St. Clement’s hill, New Catton
Balloon, Crowe, E., Lower Westwick street
Bank Tavern, Surflin, W., Bank st.
Barley Mow, Carter, W., Haymarket
Barn Tavern, Coldham, James, St. Benedict’s
Bartholomew Tavern, Thouless, W., Thorn lane
Bath House, Hughes W., St. Martin’s at Oak
Bear Inn, Ames, R., Market place
Bear and Staff, Smith, J., Fisher’s la.
Bee Hive, Gearing, James, St. Stephen’s gates
Bee Hive, Green, William Dann, St. Paul’s plain
Bee Hive, Loveday, George, St. Martin’s Palace plain
Bee Hive, Payne, Sarah, Cowgate st.
Bee Hive, Rackham, John, St. Benedict’s street
Bess of Bedlam, Baker, J., Oak street
Bell Hotel, Murnane, J., Orford hill and Castle hill
Bell Hotel Tap, Decaux, William, Castle meadow
Bird in Hand, Taylor, William J., New Catton
Bird in Hand, Ward, W., Barrack st.
Black Chequers, Radford, William, Cowgate st.
Black Eagle, Dawson, George, Vauxhall street
Black Horse, Abray, I., St. Giles’ rd.
Black Horse, Aylmer, J., Wensum st.
Black Horse, Moll Robert, St. Giles’
Black Horse, Rix, W., Finket street
Black Prince, Goddard, Thomas, Upper walk
Black Swan, Storey, David, Upper market
Boarded House, Knights, Susannah, Castle hill
Boar’s Head Hotel, Figg, George, Surrey street
Bolingbroke’s Stores, King, James, Bank plain, London street
Bowling Green, Porter, James, Chapel field
Bowling Green Tap, Travis, Samuel, Theatre street
Boy and Cup, Root, Christiana, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Brazen Doors Tavern, Moore, George, Lame Dog road
Bricklayers’ Arms, Powell, Sarah, Union place
Bricklayers’ Arms, Storey William, Bull close
Bricklayers’ Arms, Powell, Mrs., Union place
Bricklayers’ Arms, Thurlow, Henry, Castle hill
Bridge House, Tidman, Robt., Thorpe hamlet
Bridge Tavern, Cattermoul, Thomas Matthews, Wensum street
British Lion, Clarke, T., Coburg str.
Britons’ Arms, Carr, Charles, Elm hill
Buff Coat Inn, Daniels, Joseph, Buff Coat lane
Bull, (Snow’s Chop House) Campling, William, Market place
Bull, Parkerson, Robert, Bull close
Bull, Thurston, Daniel, St. Stephen’s
Bull, Shorten, James, Magdalen street
Bull, Kent, Charles, St. Paul’s street
Bull’s Head Tavern, Carver, William, Ber street
Butchers’ Arms, Legood, E., Ber str.
Bushel, Gidney, S., St. Augustine’s
Cabinet-makers’ Arms, Kenney, E. Thomas, Bedwell street
Canteen, Thompson, George, The Barracks, Pockthorpe
Cardinal’s Cap, Walker, George, Upper Westwick street
Carpenters’ Arms, Baker, Robert, Thorn lane
Carpenters’ Arms, Youngs, W., Trowse
Carrow Inn, Orsborn, R., Carrow rd.
Castle Hotel, Taylor, Mrs. Mary, Castle hill
Castle Tavern, Walker, John, Thorpe hamlet
Cat and Fiddle, Hennery William, Magdalen street
Cat and Fiddle, Bell, M., Botolph str.
Catherine Wheel, Felstead, Robert, St. Augustine’s
Cattle Market, Smith, Benjamin, Cattle Market
Cellar House, Golding, John, Bridge street, St. George’s
Cellar House, Pigg, J., Pockthorpe
Champion Inn, Barnard, J., Golden Ball street
Chequers, Betts, John, Castle ditches
Chequers, Radford, Mrs. C., Cowgate street
Chequers, Beck, S., Castle meadow
Cherry Tree, Hewitt, Tutell, Hall road, Lakenham
Cherry Tree, Newman, John, Gildengate street
Church Style, Easto, G., Upper market
Cinder Ovens, Sandall, Edward H., King Street gates
Cirque Unique, Testar, Charles, Upper Westwick street
City Arms, Howes, George Smith, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
City of Norwich Inn, Green, John, Westlegate street
Club House Tavern, Calton, John D., Old Post Office court
Coach and Horses, Smith, Mrs. E., Union place
Coach and Horses, Fearnside, Benj., Red Lion street
Coach and Horses, Cattermole, D., Thorpe road
Coach and Horses, Daines, Elizabeth, Bethel street
Coachmakers’ Arms, Parnell, Richard, Bethel street
Coachmakers’ Arms, Thurling, Jas., St. Stephen’s gates
Cock, Burrows, J., Upper St. Giles’
Cock, Moore, D. W., Upper King st.
Commercial Boarding House, Crickmore, Henry, Exchange street
Compasses, Pearce, P., Upper King street
Coopers’ Arms, Hubbard, H., Prince’s street
Cork Cutters’ Arms, Robinson, John, Bridge street, St. George’s
Corn Exchange Tavern, Brown, Rose Ann, Little London street
Cow and Hare, Armes, S., Heigham street
Cow Inn, Cooper, Samuel, Cow hill, St. Giles’
Cricketers’ Arms, Wood, Robert, Red Lion street
Crocodile, Harding, L., Heigham st.
Cross Keys, Pratt, J., Magdalen st.
Crown, Middleton, J., St. George’s Bridge street
Crown and Angel, Daynes, Mrs. M., St. Stephen’s street
Crown and Anchor, Butcher, Robert, St. Augustine’s street
Crown Inn, Townshend G., Elm hill
Crown Point Tavern, Murrell, G., Trowse
Crystal Palace, Barber, A., Dereham road
Cupid and Bow, Matthews, William, St. Martin’s Palace plain
Curriers’ Arms, Norton, Maria, Union street, Crook’s place
Curriers’ Arms, Woodhouse, Joshua, St. Stephen’s Back street
Curriers’ Arms, Rouse, J., St. Giles’ street
Curriers’ Arms, Nichols, W., Pottergate street
Dial Inn, Burdett, J., Dereham road
Distillery, Nicholls, E., Dereham road
Dog, Wigger, John, St. Paul’s plain
Dolphin, Maxwell, T., Upper Heigham
Dove, Lovergan, F., St. James’ street
Dove, Roll, Mrs., Muspole street
Dove, Ellis, B., Lower Westwick st.
Duke of Sussex, Stangroom, J., St. Augustine’s
Duke of Wellington, Clements, R., Chapel street
Duke of Wellington, Self, James, St. Stephen’s street
Duke of Wellington, Spencer, Isaac, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Duke of Wellington, Fitt, Edward, Wellington street
Duke of York, Drake, B., Church path, Lakenham
Duke of York, Howard C., Thorpe hamlet
Duke’s Palace, Snowling, J., Duke’s Palace street
Duke’s Tavern, Hinchley, Samuel, Tombland
Duncan Arms, Burrows, William, Magdalen street
Eagle, Minns, Susanna, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Eagle, High, G., West Pottergate str.
Eagle, Burgess, R., Lower Westwick st.
Eagle, Cattermoul, J., Newmarket rd.
Earl of Leicester, Riches, Thomas, Dereham road
Earl of Leicester, Edwards, Charles, Brazen Doors’ road
Eastern Counties’ Railway Tavern, Warnes, Elizabeth, Foundry bridge
Eastern Union Railway Tavern, Wilde, Matthew, St. Stephen’s
Eight Ringers, Cunningham, Thomas, Coslany street
Elephant and Castle, Parkerson, Jude, King street
Elm Tavern, Rust, Robt., Prince’s st.
Elm Tavern, Spencer, R., Catton rd.
Excise Coffee House, Plane, Richard, Lower Goat lane
Express Train, Hatch, W., Rose lane
Factory Tavern, Newland, William, St. Martin’s at Palace
Fighting Cocks, Mills, J., Coslany st.
Fleckered Bull, Engall, T., Ber street
Fleece Inn, Barley, Mrs., Bridewell alley
Flower in Hand, Delph, T., Pitt street
Flower Pot, Nichols, Edward, Oak st.
Fortune of War, Campling, Samuel, Calvert street
Foundry Bridge Tavern, Browne, L. Anstead, Rose lane
Fountain Inn, Debbage, James, St. Benedict’s gates
Freemasons’ Arms, Sands, John, Southwell street, Lakenham
Free Trade Tavern, Atkins, Henry, St. Augustine’s
Free Trade Tavern, London, William, Rose lane
Free Trade Tavern, Rice, James, William street
French Horn, Betts, Thomas, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Gardeners’ Arms, Arnup, Charles, Pockthorpe
Gardeners’ Arms, Chapman, Philip, Tinkler’s lane
Gardeners’ Arms, Cooper, Thomas, Timberhill street
General Windham, Wiley, S. H., Cowgate street
George Inn, Warner, H., Old Haymarket
George the Fourth, Decks, J., Ber st.
Gibraltar, Wills, Anthony F., Upper Heigham
Gin Shop, Fitt, Eliza, Castle meadow
Globe Inn, Roll Robert, Globe street, Union place
Globe Tavern, Moore, J., Globe lane
Goat, Newman, W. H., Upper Goat lane
Gold Beaters’ Arms, Laskey, Mary A., Bethel street
Golden Ball, Girling, William, Golden Ball street
Golden Can, Peed, F., Gildengate st.
Golden Can, Yellop, Robert, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Golden Fleece, Copley, J., Fishgate street
Golden Lion, Onlay, William D., Brazen Doors’ road
Golden Lion, Riches, Henry, St. John’s Maddermarket
Goose and Gridiron, Butcher, James, St. Stephen’s street
Grapes Hotel, Clarke, J., St. Giles’ gates
Grapes, Rumbold, J., Howard street, Lakenham
Grapes Tavern, Mace, Mary Ann, Church street, St. Miles’
Grapes, Daniels, Richd., Red Lion street
Green Dragon, Balls, James, Little London street
Greenhill Gardens, Winter, Mrs. T., St. Augustine’s
Greyhound, Smith, George, Rampant Horse street
Greyhound Gardens, Shickle, Robert, Ber street
Griffin, Jeffries, Leamon, King street
Griffin, Thompson, M., Barrack street
Guildhall, Strachan, J., Market place
Half Moon, Pretty, W., Dereham rd.
Half Moon, Brazell, R., Upper market
Hampshire Hog, Cutting, William, St. Swithin’s Church alley
Heart’s Ease, Sayer, Benj., Thorpe hamlet
Hen and Chickens, Fenn, Thomas, St. Mary’s plain
Hero of the Redan, Bright, Zachariah, Thorpe hamlet
Hoop Inn, Amies, J., St. Stephen’s rd.
Old Lobster Inn, Amies, John, Pottergate street
Hope Brewery, Brown, Frederick William, St. Saviour’s lane
Hope Tavern, Middleton, J., Calvert st.
Horse Barracks, Petch, H., Barrack st.
Horse and Groom, Newby, James, Back of the Inns
Hotpressers’ Arms, Rox, R., Coslany st.
Imperial Arms, James, Wm., Upper King street
Jack of Newbury, Upcroft, James, Magdalen street
John Bull, Lock, William, Union street, Crook’s place
Jolly Brewers, Cubitt, T., Magdalen st.
Jolly Butchers, Dambrock, J., Ber st.
Jolly Farmers, Powley, R., Castle hill
Jolly Farmers, Casson, Daniel Bell, St. John’s Maddermarket
Jolly Gardeners, Arnup, Charles P., Silver street
Jolly Gardeners, True, William J., Brunswick road
Jolly Gardeners, Weeks, Henry, Infirmary road
Jolly Maltsters, Dewing, E., King st.
Jolly Maltsters, Wenn, William, Cowgate street
Jolly Skinners, Pratt, John, Oak str.
Jubilee, Byles, Robert, Ber street
Keel and Wherry, Cooper, Jeremiah, Lower King street
Key and Castle, Porter, Thomas, St. Martin at Oak
Kimberley Arms, Chettleburgh, T., Trory street, Unthank’s road
King’s Arms, Yaxley, Mrs., St. Augustine’s
King’s Arms, Townshend, William, Bethel street
King’s Arms, James, Henry, Bishop bridge
King’s Arms, Jolly, John, Hall road, Lakenham
King’s Arms, Smith, Joseph, Oak st.
King’s Arms, Spanton, F. H., Ber st.
King’s Head, Doughty, R., Davey pl.
King’s Head, Rix, R., Upper St. Giles’
King’s Head, Middleton, John, Magdalen street
King’s Head, Menton, Mrs. Mary A., Gildengate street
King of Prussia, Moy, W., Ipswich road
Lamb, Websdale, Mrs. F., Old Haymarket
Lame Dog, Sloper, J., Lame Dog rd.
Light Horseman, Kent, T., Barrack street
Lily Tavern, Mortimer, J. T., Ber st.
Lime Kiln Inn, Fox, Henry, Trowse
Little Buck, Rudd, Elizabeth, Oak st.
Little John, Fox, James, Alma street, Heigham
Lock and Key, Bell, Matthew, Ber st.
Locomotive, Skippon, W., Rupert st.
London Coffee House, Sapey, T., Rampant Horse street
London Tavern, Liddelow, Robert, St. Andrew’s hill
Lord Camden, Bruff, Robert, Charing cross
Lord John Russell, Betts, Charles A., Dereham road
Lord Nelson, Murrell, W., Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Lord Nelson, Phillips, W., Timberhill street
Lord Nelson, Tuck, J., Market place
Lord Nelson, Watts, S., Dereham road
Lord Raglan, Mann, C., Pockthorpe
Magpie, Dunthorne, J., Magpie road
Maid’s Head, Webster, W., Wensum street
Maid’s Head Tap, Newhouse, E., Pig lane, Palace plain
Malt and Hop Tavern, Gooch, Noah, Charing cross
Market House, Trumbetta, William, Weaver’s lane
Mariners’ Arms, Stafford, Robert, Mariners’ lane
Marquis of Gransby, Puxley, James, Bishopgate street
Marquis of Gransby, Mackley, John, Barrack street
Marquis of Lothian, Wilson, Robert, Lothian street
Mischief Tavern, Mann, Joseph M., St. Paul’s Back lane
Mitre Tavern, Salter, Wm., Rampant Horse street
Moon and Stars, Williams, Mary Ann, Duke’s Palace street
Morgan’s Cellar House, Wood, Geo., Lower King street
Morning Mail, Blanden, Henry, Pottergate street
Napier Tavern, Capp, E., Castle hill
Nelson Tavern, Staff, Frederick, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Nelson Tavern, Salmon, John, West Pottergate street
Nelson Tavern, Munford, George, Nelson street, Dereham road
Norfolk Hotel, Foster, G., St. Giles’ st.
Norfolk and Norwich Chop House, Bloomfield, George, Market place
Norfolk Railway House, Nash, R. S., Foundry bridge
Norfolk Tavern, Morter, Robt., Rupert street, Union place
Norwich Arms, Peggs, G., Ber street
Nursery Tavern, Blythe, Eldred, Nelson street, Heigham
Old Crown, Calver, John F., Oak str.
Old Friends, Nichols, John, Ber street
Old Goat, Goat, C., Upper Goat lane
Old Music House, Oliver, Elizabeth, Lower King street
Old Star, Curson, William, Quay side
Old Steam Packet Tavern, Cosgrove, Thomas Rolfe, Rose lane
Orchard, Gardens, Warnes, Charles, Heigham street
Orchard Tavern, Cooper, Robert, St. Faith’s lane
Original Dun Cow, Mackley, Richard, St. Martin’s gates
Ostrich, Towler, R. B., Plumstead rd.
Oxford Tavern, Wells, Peter, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Palace Tavern, Price, John, Palace st.
Paul Pry, Paston, Wm., Grapes’ hill
Peacock, Colman, J., St. Stephen’s pl.
Pelican, Sands, Isaac, Colegate street
Perseverance Tavern, Nobbs, Edwd., Oak street
Pheasant Cock, Blake, James, Ber Street gates
Phœnix Brewery, Fisk, Adam, Magdalen street
Pigeons, Newman, Mrs. S., Fishgate st.
Pine Apple, King, S. B., St. Martin’s la.
Pine Apple, Jarvis, William, Trowse
Plasterers’ Arms, Burrage, William, Cowgate street
Plough, Coe, Mark, Golden Ball street
Plough, Cooper, W., St. Benedict’s st.
Plumbers’ Arms, Adams, William, Cowgate street
Plumbers’ Arms, Hewing, Joseph, Prince’s street
Pope’s Head, Browsell, Wm., Upper market
Portland Arms, Brett, Alethsa, Old Church road, Lakenham
Post Office Tavern, Thurlow, Mrs. E., Post Office street
Prince Albert, Daniels, T., Dove str.
Prince Regent, Finch, W., Weavers’ la.
Prince of Wales, Delph, William, St. Augustine’s
Prince of Wales, Canner, John, Upper Westwick street
Princess Royal, Bridges, Robert, Rampant Horse street
Punch House, Dawson, William, Upper market
Queen Adelaide, Marshall, J., Pitt st.
Queen Adelaide, Armes, Daniel, West End street, Heigham
Queen Anne, Raven, Edward, St. Miles’ Church street
Queen’s Arms, Pye, Jabez, Pump str.
Queen’s Arms, Minns J., Magdalen st.
Queen, Caroline, Briggs, W., Oak str.
Queen’s Head, Dunn, Jas., Quay side
Queen’s Head, Love, William, Cowgate street, St. Paul’s
Queen’s Head, Fox, I., Upper St. Giles’
Queen Victoria, Roe, C., Pottergate st.
Railway and Commercial Hotel, Mortimer, John Thursby, St. Giles’
Railway Inn, Wilson, James, Trowse
Rainbow, Thwaites, J., Lower King st.
Rainbow, Hayne, Wm., Holl’s lane
Rampant Horse, Louth, Robert, Rampant Horse street
Rampant Horse, Norton, Henry, Fishgate street
Raven, Rowland, Daniel, King street
Red House, Butcher, Walter Whitton, Timberhill street
Red Lion, Fletcher, Joseph, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Red Lion, Gardiner, William, London street
Red Lion, Rose, Wm., Magdalen str.
Red Lion, Hewitt, George, Orford hill
Red Lion, Howe, John, Magdalen st.
Red Lion, Howard, T., Bishopgate st.
Red Rose, Sweatman, Mrs. E., Back of the Inns
Ribs of Beef, Rant, J., Wensum street
Richmond Tavern, Youngs, Peter, Richmond hill
Rifleman, Cudden, Mrs. A., All Saints’ green
Rifleman, Campling, Jeremiah, Cross lane, Gildengate street
Reindeer, Kerridge, J., St. Benedict’s road
Rising Sun, Abel, J., Chapel Field rd.
Rising Sun, Playford, William, Buff Coat lane
Robin Hood, Gostling, R., Dereham rd.
Rope-makers’ Arms, Tallowin, Saml., Hellesdon road
Rope-makers’ Arms, Baldry, William, Hellesdon road
Rose, Hogg, Henry, Magdalen street
Rose, Wordingham, Robt., Hall road, Lakenham
Rose, Nicholls, G. V., St. Stephen’s st.
Rose, Thompson, Benj., Thorn lane
Rose, Nicholls, John, City road
Rose, Cobb, Leggatt, St. Augustine’s
Rose, Smith, John W., corner of King street and Rose lane
Rose, Burrell, Robert, Oak street
Rose Tavern, Ramm, Robt., Palace st.
Rose and Crown, Gibbs, R., Botolph st.
Rose and Thistle Tavern, Armes, Frederick Thomas, Barn road
Royal Exchange, Cubitt, J., Julian st.
Royal Hotel, Heseltine, J., Market pl.
Royal Hotel Tap, Gooch, Thomas H., Back of the Inns
Royal Oak, Jarman, Thomas, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Royal Oak, Brown, Mary Ann, St. Augustine’s street
Royal Standard, West, John, Chapel street, Union place
Saracen’s Head, Newman, Richard, West Pottergate street
Saracen’s Head, Scowen, John, St. Giles’ street
Sardinian Tavern, Howard, James, St. Stephen’s street
Sawyers’ Arms, Dunthorn, William, St. Paul’s plain
Seven Stars, Denmark, W., Barrack street
Shakespeare, Pye, R., 63, Pottergate street
Shakespeare, Booth, T. R., Colegate st.
Shakespeare, Hollis, R., Theatre st.
Ship, Littlewood, E., Lower King st.
Ship, Pallant, Robert, Thorn lane
Ship, Riches, S., St. Peter’s Southgate
Ship, Boyce, George, Mousehold
Shirehall Tavern, Ling, Abraham, Castle meadow
Shoulder of Mutton, Beckwith, B., St. Stephen’s street
Shoulder of Mutton, Widdows, Mark, St. Andrew’s hill
Sir John Barleycorn, Mason, Henry, Orford hill
Somerset Tavern, Yallop, William, Union street, Crook’s place
Somerleyton Tavern, Lines, Philip, Somerleyton street
Sons of Commerce, Cox, E., Thorn ln.
Southwell Arms, Brinkley, James, Front row, Lakenham
Spear-in-Hand, Wyatt, J., Julian place
Sportsman, Betts, R., Pockthorpe
Spread Eagle Tavern, Gilbeigh, Mrs. Caroline, Old Haymarket
Staff of Life, Harvey, S., Fishgate st.
Stag, Wigg, E., St. Benedict’s street
Star Commercial Inn, Watson, John, Old Haymarket
Star and Crown, Emms, William, Timberhill street
Steam Packet, Hilling, M., King st.
Steam Packet, Curson, William, St. Catherine’s plain
St. Julian’s Tavern, Lawrence, M. C., St. Julian’s
St. John’s Head, Gent, D., Coslany st.
St. Paul’s Tavern, Severn, Samuel, Cowgate street
Suffolk Arms, Wilkinson, W., Oak st.
Sun and Anchor, Thorpe, Thomas E., Colegate street
Surrey Inn, Kett, Elizabeth, Grove plate, Lakenham
Surrey Tavern, Scarlett, R., Surrey rd.
Swan Hotel, Asker, Mrs. Elizabeth, Upper market
Swan, Tuddenham, J., Cowgate street
Swan, Kett, James F., Magdalen st.
Swan, Mace, James, Swan lane
Swiss Cottage, Laws, R., Dereham rd.
Ten Bells, Brown, H., Upper Westwick street
Theatre Tavern, King, S., Bethel st.
Thorn Tavern, Dickerson, William Benjamin, Ber street
Three Horse Shoes, Girdlestone, Thos., Palace street
Three Kings, Riches, J., St. Benedict’s street
Three Pigeons, Lane, J., Charing cross
Three Tubs, Ulph, James, Barrack st.
Three Tuns, Thompson, R., King st.
Three Tuns, Plumstead, S., Coslany st.
Tiger, Moy, James, Fishgate street
Trafalgar Tavern, Scales, Mary Ann, Trafalgar street
Trowel and Hammer, Spurling, Wm., St. Stephen’s road
Trumpet, Fuller, R., St. Stephen’s st.
Tuns, Kemp, William, St. Giles’ gates
Tuns, Clarke, R. N., Whitefriars’ st.
Tuns, Cowan, Mrs. C., All Saints’ grn.
Turkey Cock, Swash, M., St. Simon’s Church street
Two Brewers, Wallace, Jas., Maddermarket
Two Brewers, Campling, George, Magdalen street
Two-Necked Swan, Whitehead, Wm., Oak street, St. Martin’s
Two-Necked Swan, Betts, James Geo., St. Stephen’s street
Two Necked Swan, Andrews, James, Upper Walk, Market place
Two Quarts, Asquith, William, Pottergate street
Two Quarts, Rivett, John, Bridge street, St. George’s
Unicorn, Brown, G., St. Stephen’s st.
Unicorn, Easton, Isaac, St. Mary’s pl.
Vauxhall Tavern, Bunn, C., Julian st.
Victoria Spirit Vaults, Bowgen, John Hart, Lower Westwick street
Victoria Tavern, Laws J., Magdalen st.
Victoria Tavern, Hammond, John, Market place
Victoria Tavern, Smith, Henry George, Adelaide street
Victoria Tavern, Blackburn, William Berry, St. Stephen’s gates
Vine Tavern, Mackley Thomas, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Waggon and Horses, Riley, Francis, Tombland
Waggon and Horses, Wilsea, John, Bridge street, St. Miles’
Walnut Shades, Dady, Mrs., Old Post Office court
Waterloo Tavern, Smith, Edward, Market place
Waterloo, Moon, Robert, New Catton
Waterman, Yeames, Samuel, King st.
Waterman, Briggs, J., St. Margaret’s plain
Waterman’s Arms, Moughton, John, St. Ann’s lane, King street
Wellington Tavern, Freestone, Wm., Muspole street
West End Retreat, Barnes, John Edward, Holl’s lane, Heigham
Whalebone Inn, Sexton, Edward, New Catton
Wheat Sheaf, Austin, William, St. Stephen’s street
Wheat Sheaf, Baxter, R., Bethel str.
Wheat Sheaf, Cole, E., Castle ditches
Whip and Nag, Wallace, T., Pitt street
Whitefriars’ Tavern, Dann, Isaac, Whitefriars’ street
White Hart, Woolsey, S., St. Peter’s
White Horse, Lacey, Wm., Castle hill
White Horse, Mason, W., Magdalen st.
White Horse, Grief, James, Trowse
White Horse, Gibson, G., Crook’s pl.
White Horse, Rix, William, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
White Horse, Potter, George, Old Haymarket
White Horse, Stubbs, Edward, St. Andrew’s Broad street
White Horse, Coleman, Timothy, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
White Lion, Howes, J., Magdalen street
White Lion, Lawn, William, St. Benedict’s street
White Lion, Barber, William, St. Martin’s at Palace plain
White Lion, Howman, William, Oak street, St. Martin’s
White Lion, King, G., Prince’s street
White Lion, Hall, Wm., St. Martin’s at Palace plain
White Rose, Littleproud, Mrs. Susan, Back of the Inns
Wild Man, Beeton, J., St. Andrew’s hill
William the Fourth, Matthews, Geo., Mousehold
William the Fourth, Ward, William, Chapel street, Crook’s place
William the Fourth, Newby, Wm., Coburg street
William the Fourth, Williamson, W., St. Augustine’s street
William Tell, Kilburn, W., Castle hill
Windham Arms, Aldous, John T., Trory street, Lakenham
Windmill, Saul, John, Ber street
Windmill Tavern, Baker, William, Mill lane, New Catton
Wine Tavern, Laws, James, Upper St. Giles’
Windsor Castle, Lambert, Martin, Pockthorpe
Woolpack, Thrower, M., Golden Ball st.
Woolpack, Barnes, M., St. George’s pl.
World’s End, Drege, William, World’s End lane
Wounded Hart, Houghton, Henry, Upper market
Wrestlers, Fake, John, St. James’ st.
Yarmouth Arms, Snelling, John, Pudding lane, Market place
York Tavern, Eastaugh, Mrs. Mary, Castle meadow


_Publishers_ (_see also Booksellers and Stationers_)—


Blackie and Son, Upper St. Giles’ st. (John W. Nelson, agent)
Fullarton and Co., 5, Davey place, (Paterson, Charles, agent)
Harrison, Harrod, and Co., (directories) Somerleyton street
Jarrold and Sons, London and Exchange streets
London Printing and Publishing Co., (agent, Croxford, E., Magdalen st.)
Virtue and Co., Jay’s terrace, Rose lane (F. Johnson, agent)


_Pump Maker_—


Shalders, J., (patent fountain) Bank plain (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 17)


_Rag Merchants_—


Bagshaw, George, Coslany street
Cullingford, F., St. Benedict’s street
Cullingford, Thomas, Botolph street
Cullingford, William, Ber street
Gardiner, William, St. Paul’s street
Kent, Alfred, Upper Goat lane
Newman, George F., King street


_Register Offices for Servants_—


Baker, Mrs. C., Redwell street
Barker, Mrs. Mary, Orford hill
Bayfield, Mrs. J. F., 7, Bank street
Betts, John, Bethel street
Cooke, Mrs. Eliza, St. Stephen’s gates
Gaze, William H., Westlegate street
Green, Miss Ann, Post Office street
Johnson, Robert, Castle meadow
Pitcher, Thomas, Rose lane
Skipper, Henry, Magdalen street
Whitehead, Mrs. A., Grapes’ hill


_Rent and Debt Collectors_—


Bardwell, George S., St. Stephen’s rd.
Kerry, George, St. Mary’s
Kerry, George Caythorpe, Elm hill
Nockolds, Henry, Fox and Hounds’ court, Ber street
Roach, Edward, Southwell road
Stamp, W., Luckett’s court, St. Andrew’s


_Rope_, _Twine_, _and Sacking Makers_—


Archer, William, New Catton
Bacon, Josiah N., 3, Davey place
Clark, F. and Son, St. Clement’s
Hindes, Henry and Son, Red Lion street and Magdalen street
Hindes, W., Upper Westwick street
Hurn, Daniel, Dove street
Hurn, George, Dove street
Nicholls, R., 11, City road, Lakenham
Webb, William, jun., Magdalen street


_Rulers_—


Read, W. S., Elm hill
Smith, W., Alden’s court, St. Stephen’s plain
Steward, Samuel, Prince’s street


_Saddlers and Harness Makers_—


Abel, Cain, Golden Ball street
Bowes, William, Upper Westwick st.
Breese, Robert, Magdalen street
Calver, John, All Saints’ green
Chettleburgh, Robert, Tombland
Dickerson, Richard, Castle hill
Fuller, James, 23, Old Haymarket
Gooch, Henry, St. James street
Gowing, Charles, Castle hill
Hallows, George, Rampant Horse st.
Harbord, J. M., Upper St. Giles
Howes, J. and J., Red Lion street
Kemp, Thomas, Great Orford street
Newton, J. and C., Lame Dog road
Philo, Joseph, 44, London street
Prentice, Samuel, Magdalen street
Spratt, William, Chapel field
Tooley, Peter, 3, Upper King street
Wilkinson, Henry J., St. Giles’ street


_Sail Maker_—


Boult, Benjamin G., Barge yard, King street


_Saw Mills_—


Bird, Bailey, Philadelphia
Cann, Samuel, Philadelphia
Fitz-Patrick, James, Coslany street
Gallant, George, Mousehold
Saul and Frazer, St. Martin’s Palace plain


_Sawyers_—


Fryer, William, Union place
Jennings, Samuel, Mousehold


_Saw Makers_ (_see also Cutlers_)—


Griffiths, Hannah, Lower Goat lane
Kenyon, John, Lower Goat lane
Lomas, William, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s


_Scale_, _Beam_, _and Steelyard_, _Maker_—


Stanley, George, Elm hill


_Shawl and Dress Printers_—


Price and Co., Bath House, St. Martin’s


_Skipping Agent_—


Barber, Henry, Lower Westwick st.


_Shirt Makers_—


Bird, Miss J., Timberhill street
Boughen, William, Bank plain
Fish, Mrs. Lucy, 51, Pottergate street


_Shirt Makers_ (_continued_)—


Kent, Henry, 3, London street
Oxley, Richard, 6, London street
Page, Joseph, 13, Briggs’ street


_Shoe_ (_Ladies_) _and Fancy Warehouse_—


Mingay, Geo. N., 7, Old Haymarket


_Shopkeepers_ (_General_)—


Allen, Thomas, Golden Ball street
Anderson, William, Old church street, Lakenham
Andrews, Thomas, St. Faith’s lane
Annison, Robert, Little Globe street, Union place
Armiss, Thomas, Barrack street
Bacon, William, All Saints’ green
Bancarlari, Dominico, Ber street
Batson, John, Barrack street
Bennett, John, St. Miles’ Church st.
Bidwell, James, St. Faith’s lane
Blyth, Josiah, (and baker,) Adelaide street, Heigham
Blythe, Joshua, World’s End lane
Bond, Elizabeth, Duke street
Bond, George, Quaker’s lane
Borking, T. P., Upper Westwick street
Boulton, Edward, Gildengate street
Brett, Thomas, Old Church street, Lakenham
Brooks, William, Oak street
Brown, Sophia, Philadelphia
Bullard, Maria, Trowse
Bunting, James, Coslany street
Burrell, William, Cowgate street
Burroughes, George, Magdalen street
Butler, Thomas, Barrack street
Campling, Paul, West Pottergate st.
Carter, Henry, Cowgate street
Carter, Thomas, St. James’ street
Carver, Rebecca, 12, Surrey Terrace, Lakenham
Carver, William, Ber street
Carver, William, Trowse
Catchpole, John, Cowgate street
Cawdron, Henry, Bethel street
Chapman, Mary Ann, Palace street
Clarke, Royal, William street
Claxton, Walter, New Catton
Comer, Robert, Thorpe hamlet
Cooper, J. D., Rampant horse street
Copeman, E., Union st., Crook’s place
Cork, Henry, Magpie road
Creake, Elizabeth, Coburg street
Cross, Daniel, Ber street
Crotch, John, Barrack street
Crowe, Elizabeth, Elm hill
Cubitt, James, Lower King street
Curtis, David, Philadelphia
Curtis, Rebecca, Upper Regent street, Union place
Davis, Thomas, Hall road
Dawson, William, Magdalen street
Dennington, Elizabeth, Silver street
Drake, Mary, Church path, Lakenham
Drake, Samuel, Lower Westwick st.
Drege, William, World’s End lane
Durrant, Mrs. M., Upper King street
Dye, Henry, Upper King street
Dyer, T., Union street, Crook’s place
Earl, John, Magdalen street
Edwards, James, St. Paul’s plain
Evans, George, Barrack street
Fair, Thomas, Bishopgate street
Farrow, T., Chapel street, Union place
Fisher, Mrs. Sarah, Oak street
Flood, Francis, St. Martin’s lane
Foster, John, Wellington street
Foster, Thomas, West Pottergate st.
Fountain, Elizabeth, Heigham street
Francis, G., Trafalgar st., Lakenham
Freeman, W., Chapel st., Union place
Frost, Mary Ann, Magdalen street
Gay, Edward, Heigham street
Gedge, E. P., Brazen Doors road
Gent, George, Bridge street, St. Miles’
George, Robert Mills, St. Benedict’s st.
Gibson, Alfred, Botolph street
Gifford, Samuel, St. Benedict’s street
Goreham, William, Rosemary lane
Gravener, B., Lower Westwick street
Green, Susan, St. James’ street
Grief, Jonathan, Trowse
Gurney, James, Julian street
Hall, Jonathan, Somerleyton street
Hardingham, William, Barrack street
Hardyment, J., St. Benedict’s gates
Hase, Thomas, Cowgate street
Hill, Elizabeth, Upper King street
Hill, Hezekiah, St. Augustine’s
Holl, Charlotte, Peacock street
Howell, Henry, Trafalgar street
Howes, John, Bridge st., St. George’s
Humphery, William, Pump street
Hunn, Philip, Rising Sun lane
Jackson, Wm., Coburg street
James, John, Chapel st., Crook’s place
Jay, Joseph, Lower King street
Johnson, John, Ber street
Kerridge, Elizabeth, St. Benedict’s st.
Key, George, Oak street
Key, Samuel, jun., Upper Heigham
Kidd, Elizabeth, Cowgate street
Knevett, Henry, Magdalen street
Lacey, Esau, Bishopgate street
Lake, John, Greyhound lane, St. Benedict’s road
Large, John, Julian st., Julian place
Larkman, James, Mousehold, Thorpe hamlet
Larkman, William, Lower King st.
Leeds, Sarah and Elizabeth, Tinkler’s lane, Heigham
Llewfinly, Thomas, Cherry street, Lakenham
Littleproud, James, Pottergate street
Livingstone, Thomas, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Livock, Samuel, West Wymer street
Loads, Henry, Lower King street
Lockwood, M., St. Miles’ Church alley
Long, Walter, Coslany street
Lowne, James, Cowgate street
Luckett, Henry, Pottergate street
Mallett, Frederick, St. James’ street
Mann, Joseph, St. Benedict’s road
Mann, J., Oak street, St. Martin’s
Marshall, Peter, Ber street
Meek, Elizabeth, Tinkler’s lane
Merris, William, New Catton
Merry, Robert J., King Street gates
Miles, John, Heigham Causeway
Mortimer, William, Gildengate street
Muirhead, Hannah, Colegate street
Munday, T., Mill lane, New Catton
Munford, G., Nelson st., Heigham
Multitude, E., Cherry st., Lakenham
Nockolds, Hannah, Barrack street
Palmer, Thomas, Union place
Parr, Thomas, Ber street
Pearson, Robert, Cowgate street
Pegg, Martha, Fisher’s lane
Perowne, S., Nelson st., Heigham fields
Pert, James, Magdalen street
Pointer, Thomas, Magpie road
Potter, Robert, St. Peter’s Southgate
Press, Frederick G., Philadelphia
Price, Joseph, Coslany street
Prior, Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Quantrell, Robert, Mousehold
Quantrell, S., Chapel st., Union place
Ransome, George, Bridewell alley
Rattee, Charles, Grapes’ hill
Rawling, Henry, West Pottergate st.
Reynolds, Joseph J., Rupert street
Roe, Samuel, Distillery street
Royall, James, Elm hill
Rushbrook, Robert, St. Julian’s st.
Seaman, E., St. Martin’s at Palace
Seaman, Henry, Old Church path, Lakenham
Skoyles, Samuel, Barrack street
Slaughter, C., St. Augustine’s street
Smith, Alfred, Fishgate street
Smith, Henry, Ber street
Smith, James, Botolph street
Smith, Miss L., Botolph street
Spinks, James, St. Augustine’s gates
Stannard, John, Magdalen street
Steward, Henry, Bull close
Stewardson, N. T., St. James’ street
Storey, James, St. Augustine’s
Stubbs, Maria, Barrack street
Tench, James, Spitalfields
Thompson, Benjamin, Thorn lane
Thompson, Philip, Cherry street, Lakenham
Tompson, Charles, Pitt street
Turner, Sarah, Adelaide street
Turrell, Joseph, Coburg street
Tuttell, Anna Maria, Trafalgar street, Lakenham
Tuttell, H., Trafalgar st., Lakenham
Walker, Elizabeth, Ber street
Waller, Martha, St. Paul’s opening
Watering, J., Mill lane, New Catton
Welch, Harriet, Lower King street
Welch, Mary Ann, Lower King street
Wiley, Samuel H., Cowgate street
Willement, Mrs. Maria, St. Augustine’s street
Willins, William, Castle meadow
Wilson, Sarah, Barrack street
Wood, Wm., Union street, Crook’s pl.


_Shorthand Writers_—


Algar, John G., (_Norfolk News_) Trory street, Unthank’s road
Bayne, A. D., Portland place, Holl’s lane
Bussey, H. E., (_Mercury_) Vauxhall st.
Hanly J. Laffan, (_Chronicle_) Jubilee place, Heigham road
Rogers, E. D., (_Norfolk News_) West parade, Earlham road
Stafford, Hewley, (_Chronicle_) Mount Pleasant


_Shuttle Maker_—


Gaul, Edward John, Magdalen street


_Silk Finisher_—


Beloe, Henry, Coslany street


_Silk Mercers_ (_see also Drapers_)—


Abbot, Edward Jesse, Exchange st.
Betts, John, Market place
Blakely, E., West parade, Earlham rd.
Caley, Nathaniel Henry, London st.
Chamberlin, Sons and Co., Market place
Coleman, Mrs. Ruth, London street
Coleman, George L., Market place
Cundall, Benjamin and Son, The Walk
Edwards, Wm. P., St. Stephen’s st.
Fairweather, Mrs. Lydia, London st.
Fiske, Francis Robert, London street
Kett, Wm. Woodhouse, London and Exchange streets
Piper, William, London street
Reid, Samuel, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Snowdon, H., Bridge st., St. George’s
Snowdon, J. C. and Co., 9, The Walk
Stocks, Alfred Josh., Briggs’ street


_Silversmiths and Jewellers_—


Allen, John Bonfield, 40, London st.
Beha, Lickart and Co., St. Stephen’s plain
Bell, Robert, Davey place
Bloch, Israel, 47, Pottergate street
Cooper and Son, 20, London street
Dixon, Thomas, 6, Bridewell alley (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 8)
Dodson, Wm. Robert, 27, London st.
Etheridge, George, and William Ellis, 10, The Walk
Gerard, William S., Botolph street
Gunton, Henry, Briggs’ street
Joseph and Samuel, Timberhill street
Mackley, George Wm., Westlegate street
Piggin and Dyball, Post Office street
Priest, George, 3, Briggs’ street
Rossi, George, Market place
Salkind, S., (travelling) Gildengate st.
Shalders, Noah, Westlegate street
Shildrake, William, London street


_Slate Merchants_—


Culyer, E. S., Lower King street
Morris, John, Lower King street


_Soap Manufacturers_—


Andrews, William, Fishgate street
Brock, George, St. Augustine’s gates
Durrant and Brock, St. Miles’


_Soda Water Manufacturers_ (_see Ginger Beer_, _Lemonade_, _and Soda
Water Manufacturers_)—
_Solicitors_—


Asker, Samuel Hurry, St. Giles’ street
Atkinson, John G., Post Office street
Bailey, E. C., Toll’s court, Briggs’ st.
Bardwell, Everett, Lower close
Beckwith, A. A. H., Palace street
Blake, Francis John, Upper King st.
Blake, John Joseph, Theatre street
Blake, Keith, and Blake, The Chantry
Brightwell and Son, Surrey street
Cooper, John N. V., 3, The Crescent
Cooper, Robert, Private Road villas, Unthank’s road
Cullen, John B., Upper King street
Dalrymple, Arthur, St. Giles’ street
Dalton, Samuel, St. Giles’ terrace
Daveney, Charles Burton, Bethel st.
Day and Son, Upper Surrey street
Dowson, John Withers, The Priory, Upper King street
Durrant, George, Surrey street
Dye, G. A., Broad street, St. Andrew’s
Fickling, Robert, Prince’s street
Field and Bignold, Upper Surrey st.
Foster, Francis Gostling, St. Giles’ road
Foster, (Sir Wm.) Sons, Burroughes, and Robberds, Crown Bank plain
Fox, Frederick, Surrey street
Fox, Thomas Colman, Victoria street
Fraser, J. E., Bank chambers, Bank plain
Freestone, Edward, Little Orford st.
Gilman, Charles R., St. Giles’ street
Gilman, Charles S., St. Giles’ street
Goodwin, John, Willow lane
Hansell, Henry, Upper close
Hansell, Peter Edward, Upper close
Jay and Pilgrim, Toll’s court, Briggs’ street
Kerrison and Preston, Bank plain
Kitson, John, Lower close and Thorpe hamlet
Ling, Henry, Willow lane
Mendham, Wace L., 8, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Miller, Son, and Bugg, Bank Chambers
Mitchell and Clarke, Toll’s court, Briggs’ street
Nixon, John Hindson, Bracondale
Press, Edward, Tombland
Pulley, Henry, Surrey street
Rackham and Cooke, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’
Robberds, John M., Ber street gates
Sadd, William, Theatre street
Sharp, Daniel, Surrey street
Sharpe, Benj. T., Chapel Field road
Simpson, George Elward, Tombland
Skipper and Son, Bank street
Stevens, William, The Close
Steward and Fisher, King street
Taylor, Adam and C., Orford place
Taylor, John Oddin, St. Giles’ street
Tillett, J. H., St. Andrew’s Broad str.
Tuck, Charles E., St. Giles’ street
Turner, Wm. N. H., Lower close
Watson, F. E., Rampant Horse street
Whaites, C., Samson’s crt, Tombland
Wilkinson, Joseph, Prince’s street
Willins, William, Castle meadow
Wilson, William, 7, Victoria street
Winter, James and Son, St. Giles’
Woodcock, Thomas, Surrey road


_Spirit Merchants_ (_see Wine and Spirit Merchants_, _and Brewers_)—
_Starch Manufacturers_—


Colman, J. and J., Carrow and Stoke Holy Cross


_Stationers_—_Wholesale_ (_see also Booksellers and Stationers_)—


Candler, John, Rampant Horse street
Fletcher, Josiah, The Walk
Jarrold and Sons, London street
Page, S. D. and Son, 23, Old Haymarket


_Stay and Corset Makers_—


Aldis, Mrs. Jane, Prince’s street
Baker, Mrs. S., Willow lane, St. Giles’
Cann, Mrs. Mary, Fisher’s lane
Farrow, Maria, Grapes’ hill
Fenn, Mrs., Julian street
Hubbard, Mrs. H., Westlegate street
Leech, Jane, St. George’s plain
Main and Norton, Mesds., Briggs’ st.
Margerson, Mrs. H., St. Andrew’s hall plain
Taylor, Elizabeth, (and elastic bandages) Upper St. Giles’


_Steelyard Makers_—


Drew, William and John, Ber street
Stanley, George, Elm hill


_Stock and Share Brokers_—


Gilman, Charles S., St. Giles’ street
Morgan, Edward C., 82, St. Giles’ st.


_Stone and Marble Masons_—


Allen, Wm., St. Stephen’s Back street
Clarke, M., Distillery street, Heigham
De Carle, Henry, Chapel Field road
Hall, Samuel, Chapel Field road
Hibberd, Amies, Chapel Field road
Lloyd, Thomas, Rose lane
Stanley, Joseph, St. Stephen’s street
Stanley, Wm., St. Catherine’s plain
Want, Frederick, Dereham road
Watson, Ann and Sons, St. Faith’s lane and Castle meadow
Whitehead, George, Grapes hill


_Straw Bonnet Makers_—


Barnes, Maria, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Clare, Caroline, Magdalen street
Clarke, Miss Maria, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Cunningham, Emily, St. Miles’ Church alley
Dobson, Sarah, St. Benedict’s street
Felstead, Miss C., 20, Castle meadow
Ford, Miss Ann, Wellington lane, St. Giles’
Gent, Eliza, Muspole street
Gooding, Mrs. Harriet, Red Lion st.
Green, Miss Ann, Post Office street
Hudson, E., West Pottergate street
Leggett, Miss Sarah, 5, Crescent place
Miles, Francis, Magdalen street
Parsons, Miss J., Brazen Doors road
Robbins, Mrs., West Pottergate street
Scofield, Susan, Upper St. Giles’
Stangroom, Caroline, Ber street
Stannard, Harriet, Infirmary road
Tye, Jemima, Ber street
Walker, Mrs. Ann, Peacock street
Wilson, Miss Jane, St. Paul’s


_Straw Hat Manufacturers_—


Laws, Robert, Westlegate street
Riches, Miss S., Queen street


_Surgeons_—


Bell, John Crawford, Prince’s street
Cadge, William, All Saints’ green
Cooper, Emanuel, Tombland
Cremer, Robert, Guardians’ dispensary, Elm hill
Crickmay, Edward, Magdalen street
Crook, John, Tombland
Crosse, Thomas W., 22, St. Giles’ st.
Dalrymple and Cadge, Surrey street
Dashwood, L., St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Davis, John and Co., Pottergate st.
Day, William H., All Saints’ green
Dowson, Arthur H., Norwich dispensary, St. John’s Maddermarket
Drake, Charles, All Saints’ green
Firth, George W. W., 66, St. Giles’ st.
Fox, John, Upper St. Giles’ street
Francis W. Bransby, Colegate street
Garthon, James S., Upper St. Giles’ st.
Gibson and Bateman, 19, St. Giles’ st.
Goodwin, Charles, Willow lane
Holland, Edward C., St. Stephen’s rd.
Hutchison, G. S., Surrey street
Johnson, John Godwin, 64, St. Giles’
Master, Alfred, Bethel street
Morgan, Arthur Foster, St. Giles’ st.
Muriel, Charles E., 64, St. Giles’ st.
Nichols, William Peter, Surrey street
Orris, Frederick, Magdalen street
Payne, Sturley, Duke street
Penrice, David, Tombland
Pitt, John Ballard, St. Stephen’s st.
Rand, William Fell, Tombland
Spencer, C., jun., Lower King street
Taylor, William Henry, Prince’s st.
Thompson, Robert, Theatre street
Thurgar, C. W., St. Catherine’s plain
Watson, John F., Heigham
Woodhouse, William, surgeon to Norwich Dispensary
Woolterton, Robert, Tombland


_Surgical Instrument Makers_—


Allison, Mrs. S., Market place
Branch, George, Golden Ball street
Hewitt, William, Somerleyton street
Lister, John, 10½, Old Haymarket
Sawyer and Co., 42, London street


_Surveyors_ (_see also Architects_)—


Baldry, William, Priest’s buildings, St. Stephen’s road
Benest, E. E., (City Surveyor) Board of Health Offices, Castle meadow
Benest and Newson, Bank chambers
Brown, John, (County Surveyor) King street
Browne, William and Co., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Bunn, John, 20, Pottergate street
Butcher, Wm. and Sons, Theatre str.
Ellis, John, Bank plain
Espenett, W. H., Distillery street
Hewitt, John, Theatre street
Hinsbey, T. W., 18, Castle meadow
Kitton, Robt., Tuck’s court, St. Giles’
Loades, Benjamin, 55, Pottergate str.
Millard and Son, Prince’s street
Newton, Edward John, Bethel street
Pontifex, S., 5, Dereham road terrace
Pratt, Hornor, and Morgan, Queen st.
Wright, J. and Son, Bank chambers
Wright and Woodrow, Queen street


_Tailors_—


Allen and Co., Bank plain
Allured, James, Timberhill street
Balls, James, Little London street
Barber, Benjamin, Lower King street
Barber, George, St. John’s terrace, Ber street
Barker, James, Muspole street
Bennett, Henry, St. Augustine’s
Bingham, Thomas, (and woollen draper) Post Office street
Boddy, John C., William street
Bond, Joseph D., Upper Goat lane
Bond, William, (and woollen draper) London street
Borking, Thomas, Willow lane
Bray, Richard, 30, Pottergate street
Briggs, Sampson, Golden Ball street
Brown, George, Upper King street
Bullard, William, 14, Exchange st.
Burrage and Jeffries, (and outfitters) 2, Davey place
Butler, Henry, Russell street
Caley, John T., St. Benedict’s street
Cannell, Albert F., Lower Goat lane
Castleton, William S., Howard st., Lakenham
Clifford, Thomas, Magdalen street
Climpson, E., Hall road, Lakenham
Cocks, Dennis, Magdalen street
Cogman, Frederick, Prince’s street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 20)
Colman, John, Bartholomew street
Cole, John B., Post Office street
Corbyn, Hartwell, Duke street
Cory, Christmas, Calvert street
Crisp, John W., Castle meadow
Cullington, William, Lady’s lane
Dawson, Edward, Scoles’ green
Dawson, John, Ber street
Denmark, John, New Catton
Downes, Henry, Cowgate street
Dowson, John, Ber street
Drake, Thomas, Rose lane
Duffield, Henry, 12, Exchange street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 13)
Dye, George, Prince’s street
English, Joseph, 45, London street
Everett, William W., Red Lion street
Fox, Henry, Dereham road
French, Robert, Tabernacle street
Fuller, Edward, Red Lion street
George, John, Muspole street
Gifford, Thomas, Magdalen street
Grand, E., 13, Upper King street
Grand, George, Castle meadow
Gray, Richard, Grapes’ hill
Grimwood, Thomas H., 4, Lower Goat lane (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 27)
Hagon, George, Southwell street
Harrison, William, Botolph street
Hill, Michael, Colegate street
Hipper, James, Rampant Horse street
Hodds, Richard, Elm hill
Hook, Samuel B., St. George’s plain
Howlett, R., Bridge st., St. George’s
King, William H., Trafalgar street
Larkman, William, Gildengate street
Ling, William S., 19, Castle meadow
Livock, William T., London street
Long, Walter, Coslany street
Mackley, John E., Westlegate street
Mallett, F. and C., London street
Mann, Charles, Mount Pleasant
Marshall, Joseph, Rampant Horse st.
Meens, William, Bartholomew street
Miller, William, Grapes’ hill
Minns, S. W., St. Benedict’s street
Mower, Henry, West Pottergate st.
Murray, James, Russell street
Murrell, Owen, St. Augustine’s
Nickalls, William, St. Augustine’s
Nockall, John, Elm hill
Norton, Francis J., Back of the Inns
Osborn, John, Little London street
Page, Joseph, 13, Briggs’ street
Parker, F., Southwell st., Lakenham
Parker, Oliver, Thorpe hamlet
Perowne, Joseph J., Heigham place
Pickers, A. H., 34, Bartholomew st.
Ramm, W., John street, Rose lane
Ratcliffe, William, Distillery street
Richardson, William, Bartholomew st.
Riches, Henry C., Castle meadow
Riches and Skoyles, (and outfitters) Davey place
Riches, Thomas, Victoria street
Riches, Thomas, Grapes’ hill
Rider, S., St. Margaret’s Church alley
Roberts, W. P., Chapel loke, Surrey road
Roe, Samuel, Distillery street
Rogers, Charles, Bethel street
Rudd, Francis R., 4, St. Julian’s st.
Rudd, George John, Surrey street
Rust, James, Bethel street
Royall, Daniel, Upper King street
Salmon, John, West Pottergate street
Salmon, Thomas, Rupert street
Scott, Francis, Magdalen street
Sharpe, Henry, Somerleyton street
Skelton, John S., St. Giles’ street
Slater, Joseph, Tombland
Stallard, Joseph W., Orford hill
Stamp, William, Colegate street
Steward, Henry, Bull close
Steward, James, Tombland
Sutton, M. D., St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Talbot, G., Bridge st., St. Andrew’s
Taylor, W. A., Jay’s terrace, Rose ln.
Taylor, William S., Prince’s street
Thirkettle, Robert, Wheelhouse’s crt., St. Giles’ road
Todd, John and Son, Queen street
Todd, William A., 16, London street
Tooke, Michael, Vauxhall street
Traxton, Edward, Lower close
Trowse, Christopher, Ten Bell lane
Tuddenham, Edward, Duke street
Tuddenham, Henry, St. Augustine’s
Turner, W., St. Stephen’s Church lane
Watson, James H., 2, Charing cross
Watts, H., Devonshire place, Heigham
Whiting, George Jones, Heigham st.
Wicks, Robert, Ber street
Womack, George, White Lion street and Davey place
Woods, John, West Pottergate street
Woods, John, Tinkler’s lane
Woods, Robert, John st., Rose lane
Wyatt, Taylor, Paragon street


_Tallow Chandlers_—


Durrant and Brock, St. Miles’
Durrant R., Church street, St. Miles’
Freeman and Nash, Upper market
Frost, Thomas, Fishgate street
Large, John, Whitefriars’ street
Large, John, Julian street, Julian place
Neeve, Frederick, St. Stephen’s
Pratt, William, Wensum street
Pulham, William, St. Mary’s plain
Shields, W., St. Stephen’s Church alley


_Tanners_ (_see Felmongers_)—
_Taverns_ (_see Publicans_)—
_Ticket Writers_—


Bullen, George, Catton road
Love, Mrs. M. A., 2, Alma square, Julian place
White, Robert, St. Benedict’s street


_Timber Merchants and Dealers_ (_see also Merchants_)—


Applegate, James, Pottergate street
Batley, Chas., (agent) Thorpe hamlet
Blyth, John, Quay side
Blyth, William, St. Faith’s lane
Blyth, William, St. Julian’s street
Cushion, William, Lothian street
Gaze, George, Grapes’ hill, St. Giles’
Green, Robert and Son, Garden street, Thorn lane
Hardy, William, Pitt street
Hart, John, St. Giles’ street
Jecks, W. and C., St. Faith’s lane
Johnson, Charles, Trowse
Johnson, Daniel, Trowse
Mauser, William, Thorn lane
Orfeur, John, Fishgate street
Pigg, F., St. George’s Bridge wharf
Saul, William Staff, Pottergate street
Scales, Jeremiah, Chapel Field road and Oxford street
Steward, Robert and Co., King street
Wollistone, S., Cherry st., Lakenham


_Tinmen_ (_see also Braziers_)—
_Tobacconists_—


Adcock, D., West lane, Aylsham road
Brook, Thomas V., Bethel street
Buxton, John, St. Stephen’s street
Dyer, John J., Ber street
Foulsham, William, Orford hill
Fuller, William, Red Lion street
Gibson, John, Pitt street
Greene, Charles Jeremiah, Rose lane
Griffenberg, Joseph, Coburg street
Juba, E., St. George’s Bridge street
Kitton, Frederick, Old Haymarket
Levine, Joseph, Upper Westwick st.
Levine, M., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Miller, Mrs. Amelia, London street
Newbegin, James and Edward J., Bridewell alley and Market place
Norton, Robert, Fye bridge
Nowack, Edward, Lower Goat lane
Pollard, W., Bridge street, St. Miles’
Riches, Robert, Timberhill street
Sanderson, Ann, Magdalen street
Smith, John and S., 7, The Walk
Spence, G., Bridge st., St. George’s
Stevens, John, Back of the Inns
Stowers, James, Red Lion street
Sweatman, Mrs. E., Back of the Inns
Taylor, W. B., St. Stephen’s gates
Willsea, Mrs. H., Orford hill


_Tobacco Manufacturers_—


Kitton, Frederick, (and snuff) 10, Old Haymarket
Middleton, John, Dereham road
Newbegin, James and Edward J., (and snuff and cigar) Bridewell alley
Stevens, John, (cigars only) Back of the Inns


_Tobacco Pipe Makers_—


Browne, Joseph, St. Stephen’s st.
Fitt, N., Cherry street, Lakenham
Lincoln, John, Pump street
Metcalf, John, Coslany street


_Tool Makers_ (_see also Plane Makers_, _Saw Makers_, _Wood Turners_,
_&c._)—


Cawdron, J., Duke street
Griffiths, Mrs. H., Lower Goat lane and Pottergate street
Hines, Charles, Muspole street
Manning, George, Westlegate street


_Tripe Dressers_—


Howard, James, Thorn lane
Juba, E., Bridge street, St. George’s


_Toy Dealers_—


Bush, G., Bridge st., St. Andrew’s
Caprani, Lewis, and Co., White Lion street
Ellison, Mrs. Frances, Dove street
Golder, Mrs. H., Upper Westwick st.
Lovett, Henry, St. Stephen’s street
Rose, Mrs. Sarah, Castle street
Slipper, Charles, (maker) Pig lane
Smith, William, Lower Goat lane
Steel and Rix, Queen street
Swinden, John, Magdalen street
Walker, R., St. George’s Bridge street


_Trunk_, _Portmanteau_, _and Carpet Bag Manufacturers_—


Frost, Mrs. Mary, 15, Davey place
Tuxford, William, Back of the Inns


_Truss Makers_—


Allison, Mrs. S., St. Peter’s
Goreham, W., Holl’s lane
Taylor, George, Upper St. Giles’


_Umbrella and Parasol Makers_—


Balls, William, Bull close
Forster, Edward, Chapel Field road
Forster, John, 28, London street
King, Tyrrell, St. Saviour’s lane
Martin, Thomas L., 36, London st.
Smith, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street


_Upholsterers_, _Paper Hangers_, _&c._—


Abel D., Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Clarke and Hunter, Dove street
Corrick, William, St. Giles’ street
Craske, James, Lower Goat lane
Crowe, J. and Son, St. Stephen’s st.
Fairhead, Maria, West Pottergate st.
Freeman and Wells, 39, London st.
Furse, James, Prince’s street
Harmer, Robert, Carrow hill
Howard, George, John st., Rose lane
Huggins, Miss Maria, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Kirkham, Dennis, Redwell street
Lawrence, William, 49, Pottergate st.
Ostler, John, 20, Suffolk st. Heigham
Page, James, Pottergate street
Pigg and Greenwood, 14, London st.
Priest, George, Coach and Horses rd., Union place
Robertson, H., Grove rd., Lakenham
Scott, Charles T., Gildengate street
Scott, R., Charing crs. and St. John’s st.
Sparks, William, Fye bridge
Spooner, E. F., St. Margaret’s plain
Tilley, Alfred, Lothian street
Trevor, Henry, Post Office street
Websdale, William, Surrey street


_Venetian Blind Makers_—


Furse, James Thomas, Prince’s street
Howard, E. S., Rose lane
Thurst, James, Castle meadow


_Veterinary Surgeons_—


Pratt, Richard, Northumberland st.
Sayer, Daniel, Pottergate street
Smith, William, Pottergate street
Wells, Thomas, Castle meadow


_Vinegar Makers and Distillers_—


Hills and Underwood, St. Faith’s lane


_Warehousemen_—


Barker, Benjamin, Orford hill
Chamberlin, Sons, and Co., Market place
Coleman, George L., Market place
Diggens and Co., Swan lane, and Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Frazer, W., Exchange street
Pigg, Samuel and Sons, Haymarket
Rivett and Harmer, Old Post Office yard, Market place
Snowdon, Henry, Bridge street, St. George’s
Snowdon, J. C. and Co., 9, The Walk
Wade, Mrs. Frances, Redwell street
Woodgate, Philip, Castle street


_Watch and Clock Makers_—


Abraham, B. and S. S., 1, Bethel st.
Allen, John B., 40, London street
Beha, Lickart, and Co., St. Stephen’s plain
Bell, Robert, Davey place
Bowles, Caleb, Bedford street, Unthank’s road
Buckenham, John C., Tombland
Bunn, Robert, Timberhill street
Bush, Edward, St. Mary’s plain
Daynes, John, Pitt street
Dixon, Thomas, 6, Bridewell alley (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 8)
Eagleton, G., 9, City road, Lakenham
Etheridge, George and William Ellis, 10, The Walk
Frary, V. W., Back of the Inns
Fulcher, Christmas, Mousehold
Gidney, Robert, Orford hill
Gunton, Henry, Briggs’ street
Hart, W. G., 46, London street
Kehle, Joseph, Stump cross
Kerrison, James, Magdalen street
Linford, Robert, Red Lion street
Moore, C., Coslany street, St. Mary’s
Phillips, Samuel, Chatham place, Chapel Field road
Piggin and Dyball, Post Office street
Pratt, William, St. Benedict’s street
Priest, George, 3, Briggs’ street
Ransome, J., St. Andrew’s Bridge st.
Rossi, George, Market place
Russell, Benjamin, Magdalen street
Shildrake, William, London street
Woodrow, Robert, St. Catherine’s pl.
Zipfel, Charles, Magdalen street
Zipfel, John, King street
Zipfel, Matthew, Bridge street, St. George’s


_Well Sinker_—


Howell, Henry, Baker’s road


_Wharfingers_—


Clarke and Reeve, Duke’s Palace wharf
Rope, Robert W., St. Benedict’s st.


_Wheelwrights_—


Addison, Benjamin, Magdalen street
Baldwin, William, Thorpe hamlet
Betts, James, Julian place
Blythe, Thomas, St. Augustine’s
Franklin, C., Cardigan st., Heigham
Huggins, John, Chapel Field road
Le Grys, William, Trowse
Page, James C., Bartholomew street
Richardson, James, Timberhill street
Riches, William, Barn road
Scott, Levi, Brunswick road
Tillett, James, St. Augustine’s gates
Welton, Edward, Brazen Doors road


_Whip Makers_ (_see also Saddlers and Harness Makers_)—


Ashton, James, Ber street
Hardy, Charles, Timberhill street
Philo, Joseph, 44, London street


_Whitesmiths_, _Locksmiths_, _Bell-hangers_, _&c._—


Blazeby, William, Scole’s green
Boswell and Bishop, Luckett’s court, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Brooks, John, Golden Ball street
Cullyer, C. and G., Cow hill
Delf, John, Golden Ball street
Dennis, Charles, St. Stephen’s gates
Drew, W., Twiddy’s court, Ber street
Finch, Walter, Elm hill
Green, Edward, Duke street
Key, Joseph, Calvert street
Knevett, J., Upper Westwick street
Palmer, Robert, St. Saviour’s lane
Pank, Abraham, Bedford street, St. Andrew’s
Reeve, Edward, Gildengate street
Reeve, Edward, Duke street
Rope, Charles, Surrey street
Self, Thomas, Pottergate street
Stammers, Robert, Castle hill
Thirkettle, William, Timberhill street
Thirtle, James, Thorn lane
Tripp, John, Golden Ball street
Waite, George, Redwell street
Whall, W., St. Stephen’s Back street
Wood, John, Magdalen street


_Whiting Manufacturers_—


Harvey, W. S., Wellington street
Pearce, Philip, The Compasses, Upper King street


_Window Glass Merchants_ (_see also Plumbers_, _Glaziers_, _&c._)—


Jay, John, St. Andrew’s hill
King, James and John, Prince’s st.
Scott, W., Bedford st., St. Andrew’s


_Wine and Spirit Merchants_—


Anthony, W., 12, Upper Market
Arnold, George and Alfred Robert, St. Margaret’s plain
Athow, Edward John, Castle street
Back and Co., 3 and 4, Haymarket
Barwell and Sons, St. Stephen’s st., London st., and St. Andrew’s hill
Bolingbroke, Woodrow, and Co., Upper St. Giles’ st.
Boswell, James F., St. Augustine’s
Bullard, Richard, (brewer and spirit merchant) Bridge street, St. Miles’
Cannell, H., (spirit) Unthank’s road
Caston, John, St. Benedict’s gates
Clabburn and Sparks, Magdalen st.
Clarke, Charles, (brewer and spirit merchant) Coslany street
Cubitt, William J., Magdalen street
Dady, Mrs., Old Post Office court
Geldart and Son, Wensum street
Harman, Leonard and Sons, St. Andrew’s hill
Hills and Underwood, St. Faith’s lane
Hubbard, James, Magdalen street
Morgan, J. B. and H., (brewers and spirit merchants) King street
Morrison and Co., Market place
Norgate and Co., St. Stephen’s street
Read, William Dring, Orford hill
Seaman, Grimmer, and Co., St. John’s Maddermarket
Sparkes, Francis W., St. Giles’ street
Steward, Patteson, Finch, and Co., Pockthorpe
Wiseman, Isaac, Post Office street
Youngs, Crawshay, and Youngs, (brewers and spirit merchants) King street


_Wire Workers_—


Andrews, Richard, Coslany street
Lamb, Sarah, Golden Ball street (_see Advertisement_, _p._ 10)
Wicks, Thomas, Tombland


_Wood Turners_—


Cawdron, Jonathan, Duke street
Cunningham and Co., Cow hill, St. Giles’
Cushing, Charles, St. Lawrence lane
Debbage, Miles, Charing cross
Ellison, Robert, Upper Goat lane
Ellison, Mrs., Dove street
Hayes, John, Magdalen street
Hines, C., (and metal) Muspole street
Mann, Joseph, St. Benedict’s road
Plummer, N., Lower Westwick street
Prentice, J. S., St. Augustine’s street
Rudd, John, Thorn lane
Rudd, James, Ber street
Rust, Joseph, Charing cross
Rust, Samuel, Beehive yard, St. Benedict’s street
Simpson, Charles, St. Lawrence lane
Simpson, Matthias, Fisher’s lane
Wade, Thomas, Pitt street
Watling, Francis, Oak street
Wiggett, Henry, Oak street


_Wood Carvers_—


Bower, James, Holl’s lane
Brown, Henry, Upper Westwick st.
Bushnell, Joseph, Suffolk street
Palmer, William, St. Lawrence lane
Spaul, Fidelis J., Prince’s street
Spaul, William B., (and stone) Lower close
Webster, James, Ber street


_Wool Dealers and Staplers_ (_see also Merchants_)—


Champlin, G., St. Mary’s Church alley
Chaplin, George, Muspole street
Everett, John, Thorpe hamlet
Everett, Joseph, Bishopgate street
Hawkes, Robert W., Willow lane
Seed, Henry, Muspole street, St. Mary’s


_Woollen Drapers_ (_see Drapers and also Tailors_)—
_Worstead Spinner_—


Greenhough, J., St. Saviour’s lane


_Writers and Grainers_ (_see Grainers and Decorative Painters_)—
_Yeast Manufacturers_—


Mills, James, Oak street
Smith, John, St. Augustine’s street




PUBLIC INFORMATION.


POST OFFICE.


                        _Postmaster_—SAMUEL BASE.

Box closes at 10.15 a.m. for London; letters are received, with an extra
stamp affixed, till 10.30 a m.  For evening mail for London, box closes
at 9 p.m.; letters received with an extra stamp till 9.30 p.m.  There are
three deliveries each day—morning at 7, afternoon at 2.15 p.m., and a
local delivery at 7.5 p.m.

Money orders are granted and paid here.

 _Arrivals_.         _Mails_.        _Departures_.
     2.28 a.m.  London.                  10.35 a.m.
     1.45 p.m.  London.                   9.40 p.m.
     6.25 a.m.  Ipswich.                  5.35 a.m.
     1.45 p.m.                            7.20 p.m.
    10.45 a.m.  Yarmouth.                 6.45 a.m.
     6.20 p.m.                            1.10 p.m.
     10.0 p.m.                            9.40 p.m.
     6.45 p.m.  Aylsham.                  6.10 a.m.
     6.45 p.m.  Cromer.
     6.20 p.m.  Loddon.                   6.45 a.m.
     6.20 p.m.  Reepham.
     6.20 p.m.  North Walsham.
     6.20 p.m.  Stalham.

                            RECEIVING HOUSES—

Charles George Brighten, St. Stephen’s gates.
James Manthorpe, Lower King street.
John Cox, Magdalen street.
Mrs. Catherine Hill, Thorpe Hamlet.
Reuben Girdlestone, 8, Upper St. Giles’ street.
George Hunt, Dereham road.
H. Fickling, New Lakenham.



MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT.


NORWICH—Writ suspended.
FOR EAST NORFOLK—Major Wenman C. Coke / Edward Howes, Esq.
FOR WEST NORFOLK—G. Bentinck, Esq. / Brampton Gurdon, Esq.



CORPORATION.


_Mayor_—George Middleton, Esq.
_Deputy Mayor_—Edward Field, Esq.
_Sheriff_—H. S. Patteson, Esq.
_Town Clerk_—W. L. Mendham, Esq.



JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.


               The Mayor for the time being (_ex offieio_).

P. T. O’Malley, Esq., Q. C. (Recorder)
Sir Samuel Bignold, Knt.
Sir Robert John Harvey, Knt.
John Hilling Barnard, Esq.
Samuel Shalders Beare, Esq.
John Betts, Esq.
Robert Wiffen Blake, Esq.
Horatio Bolingbroke, Esq
Henry Browne, Esq.
Robert Chamberlin, Esq.
William Collyer, Esq.
Edward Copeman, Esq., M.D.
Charles Evans, Esq.
William Freeman, Esq.
John Henry Gurney, Esq.
Robert John Harvey Harvey, Esq.
John Godwin Johnson, Esq.
John Marshall, Esq.
Philip John Money, Esq.
Nathaniel Palmer, Esq.
Osborn Springfield, Esq.
John Sultzer, Esq.
Abel Towler, Esq.
Charles Turner, Esq.
Edward Willett, Esq.
Charles Winter, Esq.
Henry Woodcock, Esq.
John Wright, Esq.
William John Utten Browne, Esq.,
Frederick Browne, Esq.
Robert Fitch, Esq.
Addison John Cresswell, Esq.
Robert Seaman, Esq.
Henry Willett, Esq.
Charles Edward Bignold, Esq.



CORPORATION OF GUARDIANS.


_Governor_—J. G. Johnson, Esq.
_Deputy Governor_—William Wilde, Esq.
_Treasurer_—R. J. H. Harvey, Esq.
_Clerk_—E. C. Bailey, Esq.



DIGNITARIES OF THE DIOCESE.


_Bishop_—The Hon. and Right Rev. John Thomas Pelham, D.D.
_Dean_—The Hon. and Very Rev. George Pellew, D.D.
_Archdeacon_—The Venerable R. E. Hankinson.
_Canons_—Revds. C. N. Wodehouse, A.M.; A. Sedgwick, M.A.; G. Archdall,
D.D.; H. Philpott, D.D.
_Minor Canons_—Revds. George Carter, M.A.; George Day, M.A.; J. C.
Matchett, M.A.; H. Symonds, M.A.
_Chancellor_—C. Evans, Esq., M.A.
_Bishop’s Chaplains_—Revds. C. N. Wodehouse and J. J. S. Perowne, M.A.
_Bishop’s Secretary_—John Kitson, Esq.
_Proctor for the Chapter_—Henry Philpott, D.D.; _for Archdeaconry of
Norfolk_, A. M. Hopper, M.A.



BANKERS.

 _Style of Firm_.      _Partners_.         _Draw on in        _Limit of Note
                                             London_.         Circulation_.
Gurneys and         Daniel Gurney,      Barclay, Bevan                £105,519
Birkbeck, Bank      John Henry          and Co.
plain               Gurney, Henry
                    Birkbeck, Francis
                    Hay Gurney,
                    William Birkbeck,
                    and Charles Henry
                    Gurney
Harveys and         Sir Robert John     Hankey & Co.                   £49,071
Hudsons, (Crown     Harvey, Knt., and
Bank) King street   Robert John
                    Harvey Harvey
East of England     William Stitt       London &                       £25,025
Bank, Haymarket     Wilson, manager     Westminster Bank
Savings Bank, Haymarket, Edward Hare, actuary

PUBLIC ESTABLISHMENTS.


ASSEMBLY ROOMS, Theatre street.  James Woods, conductor.
AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION, Little Orford street.  E. S. Bailey, secretary.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OFFICES, St. Giles’ street.  Charles S. Gilman,
secretary.
CITY JAIL, St. Giles’ gates.  Robert Campling, governor.
CLERICAL READING ROOMS, Upper Close.  Rev. J. L. Browne, and Revd. W. F.
Patteson, secretaries.
COUNTY COURT OFFICE, Redwell street.  T. J. Birch, Esq., judge; T. H.
Palmer, registrar; W. Wilde, junr., high bailiff.
CORN EXCHANGE, Exchange street.  Didwell, bailiff.
COUNTY JAIL, Castle hill.  Robert Pinson, governor.
ELECTRIC AND INTERNATIONAL TELEGRAPH OFFICE, The Walk.  Henry Draper,
superintendent.
FREE LIBRARY, St. Andrew’s (corner of Duke street), John Harper,
librarian.
HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.  E. S. Bignold, Esq., honorary secretary.
INLAND REVENUE OFFICE.  J. Wild, receiver; John Quin, supervisor.
LOCAL BOARD OF HEALTH.  H. B. Miller, clerk; E. E. Benest, surveyor;
Samuel Clarke, inspector.
NORFOLK AND NORWICH LITERARY INSTITUTION, St. Andrew’s.  John Quinton,
librarian.
NORFOLK AND NORWICH MUSEUM, St. Andrew’s.  Henry Stevenson, Esq., hon.
sec.
PUBLIC LIBRARY, Market place.  Edward Langton, librarian.
SAINT ANDREW’S HALL, St. Andrew’s plain.  William Dunn, keeper
SCHOOL OF ART, St. Andrew’s.  C. L. Nursey, bead master; F. T. Keith,
Esq., honorary secretary.
STAMP OFFICE, Bank street.  F. Foster, distributor.
SUBSCRIPTION READING ROOMS AND BILLIARD ROOMS, Market place.  Henry Kemp,
proprietor.
TAX OFFICE, Orford hill.  Michael Kelly, and Charles Stringer, surveyors.
THEATRE ROYAL, Theatre street.  William Sidney, lessee.
YOUNG MEN’S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION, St. Giles’ street.  S. True,
secretary.



CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS.


      _These are very numerous_; _the following are the principal_:

_Norfolk and Norwich Hospital_, St. Stephen’s gates.  E. Houghton, house
steward and secretary.
_Bethel_, Bethel street.  James Dodd, master.
_Great Hospital_, Bishopgate street.  George Simpson, governor.
_Doughty’s Hospital_, Calvert street.  Robert Minns, master.
_Eye Infirmary_, Pottergate street.  Mrs. Bennett, matron.
_District Visiting Society_, Pottergate street.  E. Watson, J. C.
Barnham, and J. N. Waite, Esqs., hon. secs.
_Norwich Dispensary_, St. John’s Maddermarket.  Mr. W. Wodehouse,
resident surgeon.
_Homœopathic Hospital_, Orford hill.  Mrs. H. Gray, matron.
_Indigent Blind Institution_.  E. W. Yarington, secretary; Mrs. De Carle,
matron.
_Jenny Lind Infirmary for Sick Children_, Pottergate street.  Mrs.
Stannard, matron.
_Norwich Lying-in Charity_, Pottergate street.  Mrs. Stannard, matron.
_Orphan’s Home_, Pottergate street.  Mrs. Carr, matron.
_Workhouse_, Dereham road.  William Tallack, master.  (In connection with
the Workhouse are Boys’ and Girls’ Homes, Dispensary, Asylum, &c.)



PUBLIC OFFICERS.


_Recorder_—P. F. O’Malley, Esq., Q.C.
_Judge of Borough Court of Record_—N. Palmer, Esq.
_Registrar of Borough Court_—Henry Miller.
_Town Clerk_—W. L. Mendham.
_Clerk of the Peace_—A. Dalrymple.
_City Treasurer_—F. Simpson.
_Coroner_—William Wilde, St. Stephen’s.
_Coroner for the County of Norfolk_—Edward Press, All Saints’ green.
_Coroner for the liberty of the Dean and Chapter_—Charles Evans, Esq.
_Governor of Castle_—George Pinson.
_Governor of City Jail_—Robert Campling.
_Clerk to Income Tax Commissioners_—J. H. Tillett, St. Andrew’s.
_Clerk to City Magistrates_—William Day.



PUBLIC SCHOOLS.


_Norwich Grammar School_, The Close.  Rev. A. Jessopp, head master; Rev.
H. M. Crowther, M.A., sub-master.
_Model_, for Boys, Prince’s street.  William Bellamy, master.
_Model_, for Girls, St. Andrew’s.  Miss M. A. Barnacle, mistress.
_Model_, for Infants, Post Office street.  Mrs. Hannant, mistress.
_Normal_, Cowgate street.  William Alden, master.
_Diocesan Training Institution for School Mistresses_, St. George’s
plain.  Rev. W. C. Davey, M.A., principal; Miss H. A. Le Mesuriér,
matron.
_Presbyterian_, King street.  H. Booty, master.
_Hospital_, Fishgate street.  F. J. Gidney, master; Mrs. M. Gidney,
mistress.
_Blind_.  Magdalen street.  Mrs. M. A. Elmer, matron; Miss A. Harrill,
school-mistress.
_Stanley Home and Training School for Servants_.  Mrs. E. Churchman,
governess; Miss H. Critton, school-mistress; Mrs. Brown, infant nursery.
_Infant_, Lakenham.  Mrs. Lincolne, mistress.
_St. Mark’s_, Hall lane, Lakenham.  Mr. Earl, master.
_Government School of Art_.  F. T. Keith, Esq., Hon. Secretary; C. L.
Nursey, head master.
_Industrial School_ (under government inspection).  Miss L. Talmedge,
mistress.
_Free_, (Episcopal) Union place.  Miss Taylor, mistress.
_Catholic_, Maddermarket.  P. White, master; Miss M. A. Cannell,
mistress.
_Lancasterian_ (_British_), College court, St. Martin’s at Palace.  S.
North, master.
_Congregational_, Colegate street.  B. Farmer, master; Miss E.
Hicklenton, mistress; Miss B. Cooke, infants’ mistress.
_National_, St. Paul’s.  William Whiting, master; Miss E. Chettle,
mistress.
_National_, St. James’, Pockthorpe.  William Nunn, master.
_National_, Heigham.  William Alden, master; Mrs. M. A. Honey, and Miss
A. Platten, mistresses.
_National_, Mixed, Bishopgate.  Miss E. Johnson, mistress; Miss M.
Steward, assistant.
_National_, Trowse.  Miss Stageman, mistress; Miss A. Dent, infants’
mistress.
_National_, St. Peter’s Mancroft.  F. Phillips, master.
_National_, St. Martin’s at Oak.  James Garwood, master; Miss E. Elmore,
mistress.
_National_, Thorpe hamlet.  G. R. Braid, master; Miss A. Stacey,
mistress, Miss A. Weeds, infants’ mistress.
_District_, Gurneys, Surrey mews.  Mrs. E. Greenwood, mistress.
_District_, Geary’s, St. Augustine’s.  E. Starling, master; Miss S.
Davis, mistress.
_District_, For St. Stephen’s, All Saints’ Timberhill, and Thorn.  F.
Hardy, master; Miss S. Burrage and Miss E. Fodder, mistresses.
_District_, For St. Peter’s Mancroft, Maddermarket, Gregory, Lawrence,
Giles, and Margaret.  James Bilby, master; Mrs. M. A. Starkey, mistress.
_British_, Heigham Causeway.  Mr. Rutherford, master; Miss Maria Newton,
mistress of infants’ school.
_British_, Independent, Coslany street.  Miss Lydia Anthony, mistress.
_British_, Unitarian, Calvert street.  Miss Mary Ann Starling, mistress;
Miss Rachel Howe, infants’ mistress.
_British_, New City Infantile, Union place.  Miss Mary Wilson, mistress.
_British_, Pockthorpe, Silver road.  Edwin Steel, master; Mrs. Steel,
mistress.
_British_, Trowse.  Miss E. J. Tomkins, mistress.
_British_, New Lakenham.  Mr. Hopper, master; Miss Warne, mistress.



COUNTY POLICE.


_Head Quarters_—Castle Meadow.
_Chief Constable_—Captain George Black.
_Deputy Chief Constable_—Henry Atthill.
_Chief Superintendent_—Bernard Andrews.
_Sergeants_—(who take rank as detective officers) James Carter and Edward
Robert Garrod.



CITY POLICE.


_Chief Constable_—Robert Hitchman.
_Superintendents_—E. Peck, S. Amis.
_Inspectors_—Barnard, Steward (detective), and Curtis.
_Sergeants_—Ireland, Minns, Fransham, Osborne, Hayhow, Smith, Nary, and
Bedford
_Summoning Officer_—John Morter.



REGISTRARS.


_Superintendent Registrar_—Francis John Blake, King street.
_Registrar of Births_, _Deaths_, _&c._, _for the Conisford
District_—Charles Drake, All Saints’ green.
„ „ _East Wymer District_—J. Brownfield, Magdalen street.
„ „ _West Wymer District_—L. Dashwood, St. Andrew’s.
„ „ _Mancroft District_—T. W. Crosse, St. Giles’.
„ „ _Coslany District_—W. B. Francis, Colegate street.
_Registrars of Marriages_—I. O. Taylor, St. Giles’; J. Restieaux, Lady’s
lane.



NEWSPAPERS.


_Norfolk Chronicle_ (conservative)—Matchett and Stevenson, proprietors,
Market place.
_Norfolk News_ (liberal)—Proprietary; Thomas William Bond, publisher,
Exchange street.
_Norwich Mercury_ (whig)—Richard Noverre Bacon, proprietor, London
street.



RAILWAY STATIONS.


_Thorpe_—H. B. Sproul, station-master.
_Victoria_—William Seeley, station-master.
_Trowse_—William George Gay ford, station-master.




A GUIDE TO STREETS, LANES, YARDS, &c.


_Right and left are given in the direction from the Market place_,
_except where otherwise expressed_.  _The following abbreviations are
used_:—bef. _before_, ch. _church_, ct. _court_, fr. _from_, l _left_,
la. _lane_, nr. _near_, op. _opposite_, pl. _place_, r _right_, rd.
_road_, s _side_, st. _street_, yd. _yard_, &c.

Adelaide buildings—r s Dereham rd., adjoining Adelaide st.
Adelaide street—r s Dereham rd., first turn past Holl’s lane and Dial inn
Albemarle street—fifth turn on l fr. Union st.
Albert place—St. Stephen’s sq.
Aleck’s yard—l s Lower King street, nearly op. the Three Tuns
Alefounders’ yard—r s Lower Westwick, op. The Drum
Alden’s court—r s Ber st., op. St. Michael’s at Thorn church
Alderson’s buildings—l s St. Catherine’s plain, op. Gloucester place
All Saints’ green—extending from the top of Westlegate st. to Upper
Surrey st.
All Saints’ street—First turn to r at top of Timberhill st., leading to
All Saints’ green
All Saints’ Tavern yard—r s All Saints’ green, nr. All Saints’ tavern
Alma square—first turn to r in Vauxhall st.
Alma street—r s Dereham rd., just before reaching Distillery inn
Alma terrace—l s Bishopgate st., nr. Rose and Crown
Alms lane—l s Gildengate st., leading into Muspole st.
Anchor yard—l s Surrey st., nr. Anchor inn
Andrews’ yard—l s St. Stephen’s st.
Angel street or Royal Hotel street—back of Royal Hotel yd., leading to
Castle meadow
Angel yard—r s Oak st., op. Suffolk arms
Apollo buildings—Norfolk st., Union pl.
Arabian Horse yard—r s Oak st., just beyond St. Martin’s eh.
Arnold’s court—l s Gildengate st., nearly op. Crown and Anchor
Arundel place—row of white houses, r s Dereham rd., nearly op. Swiss
Cottage tavern
Assembly rooms—Theatre st., op. Lady’s la.
Asylum road (see Private rd.)
Austin court—first court l s Bethel st.
Back of the Walls—leading fr. St. Augustine’s gates to Magdalen gates
Badding’s lane—l s Palace plain, leading to Quay side
Baddy’s yard—op. Barrack loke, Barrack st.
Bailey’s buildings—l s West Pottergate st., nearly op. Lawrence st.
Bailey’s yard—l s Magdalen st., nr. the Jolly Brewers
Bakers’ Arms yard—r s Ber st., nr. Bakers’ Arms
Baker’s road—leading fr. St. Martin’s gates to St. Augustine’s
Baker’s row—l s World’s End lane
Baker’s yard—l s Barrack st., nr. Kossuth tavern
Baldwin’s buildings—l s Dereham rd.
Baldwin’s yard—r s Oak st., second yd. past Fellmonger’s Arms
Bank Chambers (in Bank place)
Bank place—leading fr. Gurney’s bank to Castle meadow
Bank plain—op. Gurney’s bk., top of London st.
Bank street—over Bank plain, to the r leading to King st., op. Harvey and
Hudson’s bank
Barnes’ yard—r s Magdalen st., op. White Horse
Barnes’ yard—r s St. Augustine’s, nearly op. St. Augustine’s ch.
Barn road—St. Benedict’s gates, r s opposite Paul Pry hill
Barracks—l s Barrack st., at foot of Mousehold
Barrack loke—l s Barrack st., nearly op. the Light Horseman
Barrack street—continuation of St. James’ st., leading to Mousehold
Barrack yard—r s Coslany st., op. Waggon and Horses
Bartholomew street—first st. r s Thorn lane, fr. Ber st.
Bath House yard—Oak st., next Bath House inn
Baxter’s gardens—r s Lower King st., nr. the Steam Packet
Baxter’s yard—King st. (see Page’s yd.)
Bayfield’s yard—r s Stump Cross, Magdalen st.
Bazaar court—St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Bear and Staff yard—Fisher’s lane
Bear yard—on the Gentleman’s walk
Beckham’s yard—r s Cowgate st., fr. Palace plain, op. Queen’s head
Beckham’s yard—l s Magdalen st., op. Cowgate st.
Bedford street (St. Andrew’s)—leading fr. juncture of Exchange and
Post-office sts. to St. Andrew’s hill and London st.
Bedford street—first st. l s Unthank’s rd.
Bee Hive yard—r s St. Benedict’s st., next Beehive inn
Bell yard—l s Bethel st., op. Gold-beaters’ Arms
Bennett’s court—Upper market
Ber street—from junction of Golden Ball and Timberhill sts. to Richmond
hill
Bethel street—entrance from Upper Market near St. Peter’s ch.
Bethel street opening—second turn l s Bethel st., leading into Chapel
Field
Betts’ buildings—l s West Pottergate st., nr. Eagle Tavern
Bishopgate street—over Tombland, thro’ Palace plain and Tabernacle
st.—leads to Mousehold
Black Boy yard—r s Barrack st. nr. Black Boy inn
Black Boy yard—round Colegate st. nearly op. entrance to Calvert st.
Black Horse yard—r s Lower Westwick st., just past Bridge st.
Blake’s yard—r s Heigham st., just bef. reaching Orchard tavern
Blackfriars’ bridge—between St. Andrew’s and St. George’s
Blaze yard—l s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, by General Windham’s Arms
Blazeby’s buildings—in Prospect sq., r s Scoles’ green
Blazeby’s court—second ct. r s Bethel st.
Bloomsbury place—third turn r s Rose lane
Bloomsbury place—l s Dereham rd., just past City rd.
Boarded entry—l s Ber st., just before reaching Royal Oak
Boarded House lane—nr. Boarded House inn, Cattle market
Botolph street—from Stump cross to St. Augustine’s st.
Bracondale—fr. Richmond hill (Ber st. gates) to Trowse
Brazen Door road (or Lame Dog road)—l s St. Stephen’s gates, leading into
Upper Surrey st.
Brewhouse yard—Coslany st.
Bridewell alley—first thoroughfare on the l in Bedford st., St. Andrew’s
Bridge street, St. Andrew’s—fr. St. Andrew’s pl. to Blackfriars’ bridge
Bridge street, St. George’s—over Blackfriars’ bridge
Bridge street, St. Lawrence—fr. Lower Westwick st. on the r op. St.
Lawrence ch.
Bridge street, St. George’s—past the end of St. Andrew’s hall, leading to
Colegate st.
Bridge street, St. Miles’—first turn on r s Lower Westwick st., leading
to Coslany st.
Briggs’ lane—l s Lower King st., (nearly op. St. Julian’s ch.) leading
down to the river
Briggs’ street—short st. leading fr. Haymarket, on a line with the
Gentlemen’s walk
Briggs’ yard—l s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, nearly op. Black Chequers
Broad st., St. Andrew’s—r and l at bottom of Post Office st.
Brownfield’s court—r s Magdalen st. bef. reaching St. Saviour’s ch.
Browne’s court—St. Stephen’s st.
Brown’s buildings—St. Faith’s la.
Brown’s yard (see Cockey yd.)
Brundell’s court—l s Redwell st.
Brunswick road (or Waterloo st.)—first turn to r on Newmarket rd.,
leading to Union pl.
Buck’s yard—l s Coslany st.
Buff Coat lane—l s Golden Ball st., leading to Pump st.
Bull close—r s Cowgate st. fr. Palace pl., just bef. reaching Magdalen
st.
Bull lane—l s St. Stephen’s st., op. Coburg st.
Bull’s Head yard—r s Ber st., nr. the Forrester’s Arms
Bunn’s yard—St. Benedict’s Church alley
Burrell’s yard—r s Magdalen st., op. King’s Head
Burfield place—Heigham rd., r s from Dereham rd.
Butter hills—run fr. top of Bracondale to Carrow bridge
Cadogan place—Bedford st., Unthank’s rd.
Caledonian terrace—r s Dereham rd., op. Charles st.
Calvert street—thro’ Bridge st. to the r and then to the l, leads fr.
Colegate st. to Botolph st.
Cambrian place—r s Heigham rd. fr. St. Giles’ rd.
Cannell’s court—St. Giles’, op. Unity offices
Cannell’s court—l s Ber st., just past King Arms
Carlisle terrace—l s Rupert st., just bef. reaching Essex st.
Carrow hill—l s Richmond hill, leading down to Carrow bridge
Castle court—l s Oak st., next Key and Castle inn
Castle meadow and Castle hill—open space round the Castle
Castle street—first turn r s London st., leading to Davey pl.
Chapel field—open space at end of Theatre st., and back of Bethel and
Upper St. Giles’ sts.
Chapel Field grove—in Chapel field, nr. the new Congregational chapel
Chapel Field road—fr. St. Stephen’s gates to St. Giles’ gates
Chapel loke—narrow thoroughfare l s Surrey rd. leading into Ber st.
Chapel st. (Union place)—fourth turn l s Vauxhall st.
Chapel street, Lakenham—first turn to r in Ch. pathway, fr. Southwell rd.
Chapel street, Crook’s pl.—first turn to r fr. Crook’s pl. entrance
Chapel yard—r s Botolph st., nr. Old Globe inn
Chapel yard—l s Oak st., joining Suffolk Arms
Chapman’s court—St. Giles’, op. Ch. door
Chantry—Theatre st., nr. Assembly room pl.
Chantry yard—St. Miles’ ch. alley
Charing cross—fr. corner of Duke’s palace st. (by Free Library) to the
junction of Upper and Lower Westwick sts.
Charles street—fourth turn on l s, past St. Benedict’s gates
Chatham place—Chapel Field road, on the r fr. St. Stephen’s gates
Chequers’ passage—St. George’s Middle st.
Cherry lane—r s Pitt st., leading into Gildengate st.
Cherry street—r s Hall rd., op. National school
Cherry street (short)—back of Cherry st.
Cherry Tree yard—l s Gildengate st., nr. Cherry Tree inn
Church pathway—r s Hall rd., leading to Southwell rd.
Church street, New Catton—r s New Catton rd., just before reaching
Christ-ch.
Church street, St. Miles’—bottom of Duke st. to the l
Church street, St. Julian’s—leading fr. St. Julian’s Ch. alley to Garden
st., Thorn la.
Church walk, St. Michael’s at Plea—by the side of the ch., Redwell st.
Cinder Ovens yard—l s King st. gates, between the Cinder Ovens and Ship
Inns
City road, Heigham fields—Dereham rd. l s, next turn to Distillery st.
City road, Lakenham—leading off Richmond hill to the r
Clabburn’s yard—last yard l s Magdalen st.
Clement court—l s Redwell st., fr. plain, op. Queen st.
Clifton cottages—Suffolk st., Union pl.
Close (upper and lower)—precincts of cathedral, reached fr. Market pl.,
through London st. and Queen st., and across Tombland
Coach and Horses road—first turn to r in Union st., Union pl.
Coach and Horses’ yard—l s Bethel st. next C. and H. inn
Coburg street—r s St. Stephen’s gates, running at the Back Chapel Field
rd.
Cock yard—l s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, just past Queen’s Head
Cock yard—l s Upper St. Giles’, just past Cock inn
Cockey lane—l s Lower King st., op. the Waterman
Cockey yard (or Brown’s yard)—r s Lower Westwick st. nr. Drum inn
Coe’s yard—r s St. Benedict’s st., op. Lord Howe inn
Cogman’s yard—r s Ber st. op. Thorn lane
Coldstream terrace—r s Bedford st. from Unthank’s rd.
Coleby place—Lower Westwick st.
Colegate street—bottom of Bridge st., St. George’s, r and l
College court (or Lancasterian school yard)—l s Palace st., nr. Rose
tavern
Compass street—l s Mariners’ lane, fr. King st., nr. Mariners’ tavern
Cook’s lane—l s Upper King st., between Crown Bank and Rose la. corner
Corain plain—r s Church st., New Catton
Coslany street—down Lower Westwick st., and over St. Miles’ bridge
Cow hill—St. Giles’, first turn on the r past the ch.
Cossey’s yard—r s Botolph st.
Cove terrace—r s Rupert st.
Cowgate street—first st. on the r in Magdalen st. after passing Stump
Cross
Creak’s yard—r s Fishgate st., op. Pigeon inn
Cremorne buildings—r s Vauxhall st., op. Globe st.
Cremorne place—back of Cremorne buildings, Vauxhall st.
Crescent The—on the Chapel Field road l s fr. St. Stephen’s
Crick’s buildings—Fishgate st.
Crocodile yard—r s Heigham st., op. Crocodile inn
Crook’s place entrance—first turn to left on Chapel Field rd. fr. St.
Stephen’s
Crook’s yard—St. George’s pl.
Cross lane—r s Gildengate st. leading into Calvert st.
Cross street—Unthank’s rd., connects Bedford and Trory sts.
Crown and Anchor yard—r s Gildengate st., leading into Calvert st.
Curriers’ Arms yard—adjoining Curriers’ Arms, l s St. Giles’ st.
Curtis’ buildings—l s West Pottergate st.
Dabson’s court—Stump cross
Daplyn’s buildings—r s West Pottergate st., op. Paragon st.
Davey place—leading fr. Gentlemen’s Walk (op. Duke of Wellington statue)
Dawson’s yard—r s Coslany st., up a passage just before reaching Sun inn
Dayle’s lane—first la. r s Charing Cross
Day’s court—first ct. r s Bethel st., principal entrance from Upper
Market
Denmark place—Kimberley st., Unthank’s rd.
Dereham road—straight out St. Benedict’s gates
Dereham road terrace—row of 8 red-br. houses r s Dereham rd. just past
entrance to Adelaide st.
Devonshire place—r s Holl’s la.
Dial yard—r s Barrack st., just past the Cellar House
Dial yard—l s Coslany st., op. St. Michael’s of Coslany ch.
Distillery street—second st. past jail, r s St. Giles’ rd., leading thro’
into Dereham rd.
Distillery yard—l s Coslany st., op. Greenland Fishery
District Visiting Society, 104, Pottergate st.
Dix’s buildings—Coslany st.
Dixon’s court—r s Bethel st., op. Coach and Horses
Dog yard—r s Oak st., op. Jolly Skinners
Dolphin yard—first yd. r s. of Oak st. next Dolphin inn
Doughty’s or Old Man’s hospital—Calvert st.
Douro terrace—in Heigham grove
Dove street—adjoining Messrs. Chamberlin’s shop, leads fr. north side
Market-place into Pottergate st.
Drake’s court—3rd ct. l s Gildengate st.
Duck lane—last la. r s Pottergate st., just before reaching Grapes’ hill
Duke’s palace—commencement of Duke st.
Duke st.—leading fr. corner of St. Andrew’s Broad st. and Charing Cross,
to Pitt st.
Duke terrace—Kimberley st., Unthank’s rd.
Eagle lane—r s Newmarket rd., just before reaching Eagle tavern
Eagle terrace—r s Newmarket rd., just past Eagle tavern
Eagle yard—first yd. r s Heigham st.
Earlham road—continuation of St. Giles’ rd.
Earlham road terrace, row white houses r s just past entrance to Heigham
rd. or Hangman’s la.
Eldon row—r s Chapel Field rd. (fr. St. Giles’), just before reaching
Julian st.
Elephant yard—l s Magdalen st., near Stump Cross
Elm hill—runs out of l s of Prince’s st. into Wensum st.
Elm terrace—r s New Catton rd., op. Elm tavern
Emms’ court—l s Ber st., op. All Saints’ st.
Essex street—third turn to l fr. Rupert st., Union pl.
Eva cottages—l s New Catton rd., just past entrance to Sprowston rd.
Exchange street—lower corner of Market pl., on a line with The Walk
Eye Infirmary—r s Pottergate st.
Factory yard—r s Barrack st., op. Bird in Hand
Fair Flora yard—second yard r s Lower Westwick st.
Farnell’s court—in St. John’s Maddermarket Ch. alley
Fellmongers’ Arms yard—r s Oak st., op. the Old Crown
Ferry yard—l s Lower King st., just past Half Moon inn
Finket street—last turn r s Ber street, before reaching St. John’s
Sepulchre ch.
Fisher’s lane—third turn r s St. Giles’, leading into Pottergate street
Fisher’s yard—Fishgate st.
Fishgate street—first st. to the r in Magdalen st., just over Fye bridge
Fleckered Bull yard—l s Ber st., nr. Fleckered Bull inn
Florence’s court—r s Ber st., op. Greyhound
Flower-in-Hand yard—l s Heigham st.
Foundry Bridge—bottom of Rose la., nr. Thorpe railway station
Foundry yard—r s Thorn la., nr. Sparke’s foundry
Fountain yard—r s St. Benedict’s st., adjoining Fountain inn
Fox and Hounds yard—r s Ber st., nr. Fox and Hounds inn
Fox’s yard—l s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, op. St. James’ ch.
Fountain square, Union place—r s Union st., by Coach and Horses
Free Library—corner of St. Andrew’s and Duke sts., adjoins the Museum
Friars’ lane—l s Upper King st., just past Crown Bank (Harveys and
Hudson’s)
Front row—row of red-br. cottages, l s Hall’s rd., next Southwell Arms
Fuller’s hole—St. Martin’s gates, leads to the river
Fye bridge—bridge dividing Wensum st. fr. Magdalen st.
Fye Bridge street—(see Wensum st.)
Garden street—second st. r s Thorn la., fr. Ber st.
Gas-house Hill—leading fr. Bishop bridge to Mousehold heath
Gedge’s yard—l s Coslany st., next Waggon and Horses inn
Gentleman’s walk—the east side of the market-place
George yard—l s Barrack st., just past Griffin inn
Gildencroft—l s St. Augustine’s st., leading past St. Augustine’s ch.
Gildengate street—leading from bottom of St. George’s Bridge st. into
Botolph st.
Gilling’s yard—Magdalen st.
Globe lane—l s Rising Sun la., fr. Golden Ball st.
Globe street—5th turn l s Vauxhall st.
Globe street—r s Heigham st., op. Crocodile inn
Globe yard—r s Botolph st., nr. Old Globe inn
Gloucester place—r s St. Catherine’s plain, nr. entrance to Hall rd.
Goat lane (lower)—first turn on the r in St. Giles’, leading into
Pottergate st.
Goat lane (upper)—second turn on the r in St. Giles’, leading into
Pottergate st.
Goat yard—r s Oak st., nearly op. the Jolly Skinners
Golden Ball street—leading fr. Castle ditches to Ber st.; Golden Ball inn
at the entrance
Golden Dog lane—first turn r s Calvert st., leading into Magdalen st.
Golden Fleece yard—l s Fishgate st., nr. the Golden Fleece
Golding street—l s Dereham rd., second turn past St. Benedict’s gates
Gooch’s yard—r s Charing cross, joining Malt and Hop tavern
Goodwin’s yard—l s Tabernacle st.
Goreham’s yard—first yd. l s Heigham st. fr. Barn rd.
Gowing’s passage—St. Stephen’s st.
Graham’s court-—Upper Market, second ct. fr. St. Giles’ corner
Grapes’ hill or St. Giles’ hill—3rd turn on the r past St. Giles’ eh.
Green Dragon yd.—l s Bishopgate st. nr. Red Lion
Great hospital—Bishopgate st.
Great Orford street—l s Orford hill, leading to Castle hill
Great yard—World’s-end la.
Greenhills—St. Augustine’s gates
Greenland Fishery yard—r s Coslany st., next G. F. inn
Green’s lane—r s Gildengate st. leading into Calvert st.
Green yard—l s Barrack st., just before reaching The Robin Hood
Greyfriars’ priory—Upper King st., nr. Harvey and Hudson’s bank
Griffin yard—l s Barrack st., joining Griffin inn
Grimes’ yard—l s Botolph st.
Grout’s thoroughfare—narrow passage l s Timberhill st., leading to Golden
Ball st.
Grove place—row of houses r s St. Giles’ rd., just past Distillery st.
Grove place—r s of Grove rd., top of Victoria st. to the r
Grove road—rd. crossing the top of Victoria st., leading on the r round
to St. Stephen’s rd.
Grove terrace—r s Unthank’s rd., nearly op. Oxford st.
Guildhall—north-west corner of Market-place
Gun lane—connects top of Haymarket with Theatre st., directly opposite
St. Stephen’s ch.
Gunhouse yard—Jail hill
Gunton’s yard—l s Oak st., next White Lion
Hales’ court—St. Giles’, op. ch. door
Half Moon yard—l s Lower King st., op. Half Moon inn
Hall road—fr. r s St. Catherine’s plain, leading to Lakenham
Hampden place—r s Dereham rd., just past Dial inn
Hamlet place—l s Grapes’ hill, fr. St. Giles’
Hampshire Hog yard—l s Lower Westwick st., just past St. Swithin’s alley
Hangman’s lane (see Heigham rd.)
Hanover place—l s Earlham rd., just past Black Horse, and op. Earlham rd.
terrace
Harman’s court—r s St. Stephen’s st., op. Crown and Angel
Harmer’s court—last ct. l s St. Giles’, before reaching Jail
Harrison’s court—r s Upper St. Giles’, op. Queen’s Head
Harrison’s yard—leads out of Pump st. to Castle meadow
Hart’s yard—r s Botolph st.
Haw’s place—Hall rd., Lakenham
Hawthorn row—r s West End st., op. Waddington st.
Haymarket—Opposite the top part of Gentlemen’s walk
Hayward’s yard—r s Ber st., just past St. John’s Sepulchre ch.
Heigham causeway—continuation of Heigham st., leading to Heigham ch.
Heigham grove—second turn l s St. Giles’ rd., past jail
Heigham Lower—Heigham causeway, Heigham st., &c.
Heigham place—last turn to r on Dereham rd., before reaching Holl’s lane;
leads to West End Retreat gardens
Heigham road (or Hangman’s lane)—r s St. Giles’ rd., next turn past
Distillery st., leading to Dereham rd.
Heigham st.—continuation of Lower Westwick st., at juncture of Barn rd.
Heigham terrace—row of white houses on r s Dereham rd., nearly op.
Hangman’s lane
Heigham, Upper—beyond Heigham causeway, nr. the ch.
Herring’s row—r s West Pottergate st., op. Eagle tavern
Heywood’s yard—r s Magdalen st., nr. White Lion inn
High street—turn to the r at top of Union st., op. Brunswick rd.
Hind’s yard—r s St. Augustine’s st., op. St. Augustine’s ch.
Hill’s yard—l s Coslany st., op. Red Lion
Hinde’s yard—last yard l s Botolph st.
Hole-in-the-wall lane—first turn l s Bedford st., St. Andrew’s, leading
round into Post Office st.
Holkham lane—nr. Shirehall tavern, Castle ditches
Holl’s brewery—r s Hall rd., adjoining King’s Arms
Holl’s lane—r s Dereham rd., nearly op. Hangman’s lane
Holly terrace—l s Unthank’s rd., just bef. reaching Somerleyton st.
Horn’s lane—second turn l s Ber st., leads to King st.
Houghton’s yard—r s Ber st., op. Fleckered Bull
Howard street—round top of Victoria st. to the r and then second st. to
the r
Huggin’s row—St. Benedict’s gates
Hungarian yards—r s St. Benedict’s st., just past St. Margaret’s ch.
Hutchinson’s court—first ct. l s Surrey st.
Infirmary road—just beyond St. Augustine’s gates to the r
Inkerman terrace—l s Bishopgate st., near Marquis of Gransby inn
Jay’s court—third ct. r s Bethel st.
Jay’s square—first turn to r in Rose lane
Jay’s terrace—row of white houses r s Rose lane, near Free-trade tavern
Jenny Lind Infirmary—l s Pottergate st., just before reaching Ten Bell
lane
Jilling’s yard—r s Magdalen st., just before reaching White Lion inn
Jinkin lane—r s Oak st. near the gates, leading into Gildencroft
John street—second turn to r in Rose lane
John street (Dereham road)—third turn l s past St. Benedict’s gates
John street, Union place—first turn to r in Norfolk st. fr. Somerleyton
st.
John Bull street—r s Union st., near John Bull inn
Jolly Butchers’ yard—r s Ber st., nr. Jolly Butchers’ inn
Jolly Farmers’ yard—r s Charing cross, nr. Jolly Farmers
Jubilee place—l s Heigham rd. fr. St. Giles’ rd.
Jubilee yard—r s Ber st., nr. Jubilee inn
Jubilee street—second turn to r of Chapel Field rd. fr. St. Giles’, or
second turn to l fr. Vauxhall st.
Julian place—r s Chapel Field rd., fr. St. Giles’ gates
Julian street—second turn to l in Vauxhall st., or second turn to r on
Chapel Field rd. fr. St. Giles’ gates
Keel and Wherry yard—r s Lower King st., op. Read’s granaries
Kensington buildings—in a yd. at back of Kensington pl.
Kensington place—r s St. Catherine’s pl., just past entrance to Hall rd.
Kent place—r s Vauxhall st., just past turn to Julian st.
Keppell’s court—Fisher’s lane
Kerrison’s yard—l s Tombland fr. Queen st.
Keyzor’s place—l s Holl’s lane
Keyzor’s terrace—r s Unthank’s rd., just past entrance to Private or
Asylum lane
Kimberley street—running across top of Bedford, Oxford, and Trory sts.,
and parallel to Unthank’s rd.
King st. (Lower)—continuation of Upper King st.
King street (Upper)—turn to the r at bottom of Queen st., leading fr.
Tombland to Rose lane corner
King street (Crook’s place)—second turn to r thro’ Crook’s pl. entrance
King’s Head lane—r s Gildengate st., leading into Calvert st.
King’s Head yard—l s Magdalen st., next King’s Head inn
Lady lane—first turn l s Bethel st.
Lakenham place—r s St. Catherine’s pl.
Lakenham terrace—nr. St. Mark’s ch., Lakenham
Lamb yard—on the Gentleman’s Walk, Haymarket
Lame Dog road—(see Brazen doors rd.)
Lancasterian school yard (see College ct.)
Langham place—l s Dereham rd., just past City rd.
Lawrence street—first st. leading r s West Pottergate st., leading into
William st.
Lawston’s yard—l s Gildengate st.
Leicester place—r s Vauxhall st., nr. Chapel Field rd.
Le Neve’s yard—r s Fishgate st., just past the Jolly Dyers
Lewis’ yard—l s lower King st., just past The Hay Trusser
Leyton’s row—nr. Lord Nelson, Trafalgar st. (Lakenham), l s fr. Hall rd.
Life’s green—east end of Cathedral
Lifford’s yard—l s Lower King st., adjoining Bird in Hand
Light Horseman yard—r s Barrack st., nr. Light Horseman inn
Limekiln hill—first turn l side St. Giles’ rd., just past jail
Ling’s yard—r s Magdalen st., next Duncan Arms
Lion and Castle yard—r s Timberhill st., by Lion and Castle inn
Little Buck yard—l s Oak st., just past Sussex st.
Little London street—first turn l s London st.
Little Orford street—leads fr. the top of Gentleman’s Walk, round
Savings’ Bank corner, to Orford hill
Little Star and Crown yard—l s Timberhill st., op. Baptist chapel
Little White Horse yard—r s Botolph st.
Lobster lane—see Pottergate st.
Lockett’s court—l s St. Andrew’s Broad st. fr. Charing cross, just past
Post-office st.
Lock and Key yard—r s Ber st., nr. Lock and Key inn
London street—lower corner of market-place, nearly op. Guildhall
London terrace—l s St. Stephen’s rd., just beyond Norfolk and Norwich
Hospital
Long lane—r s Charing cross, just before reaching Lower Westwick st.,
leads down to river
Long yard—l s Bishopgate st., nr. Bishop bridge
Long yard—r s Fishgate st., op. The Pigeons
Lord Campden’s yard—r s of Charing cross, next Lord C. inn
Lothian street—l s Barn road fr. Dereham rd.
Lowen’s yard—l s Cowgate st., op. the Black Chequers, nr. Whitefriars’
bridge
Lower square—Thorn lane, op. Garden st.
Lying-in charity—l s Pottergate st., just before reaching Ten Bell la.
Magpie road—r s St. Augustine’s gates, leading to Magdalen gates
Malthouse lane—r s St. Stephen’s st., leading into St. Stephen’s Back st.
Malthouse yard—last yd. l s World’s End lane
Manchester buildings, Union pl., nr. Duke of Wellington
Mansfield’s yard—St. Stephen’s, op. Duke of Wellington
Market lane—leading fr. Scole’s green into Thorn lane
Marquis of Gransby yard—op. the barracks, Barrack st.
Mariners’ lane—third turn l s Ber st., leads to King st.
Mason’s court—l s Ber st., nearly op. Bakers’ Arms
Middle row—r s Chapel Field rd. fr. St. Giles’, second row past Rising
Sun
Militia barracks—Upper Surrey st.
Mill street, Lakenham—first turn to the left in Church pathway,
(Peafields) fr. Hall rd.
Mill street, Union place—top of Union st. to the r leading into Essex st.
Mill yard (or New Mills’ yard)—a thoroughfare leading fr. r s Lower
Westwick st. (nearly the bottom) into St. Martin’s at Oak
Mission place—l s Lower King st., op. Barge inn
Mitchell’s court—north side Market pl., adjoining _Chronicle_ office
Mount Pleasant—first turn to l past Somerleyton st., Unthank’s rd., leads
to Newmarket rd., op. Town close
Mousehold heath—thro’ Bishopgate st., on each side of Gas-house hill
Murrell’s yard—l s Lower King st., op. the Nelson Monument public house
Museum (Norfolk and Norwich)—St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Museum court—St. Andrew’s Broad st., nearly op. Post Office st., and
adjoining Museum and _Norfolk News’_ printing offices
Muspole street—r s Duke st., leading into Colegate street
Nailor’s lane—r s Charing cross, just bef. reaching Jolly Farmers
Napier buildings—l s Somerleyton st., Unthank’s road
Neal’s square—entrance r s Pottergate st., just beyond St. Benedict’s
plain, leads into St. Benedict’s Ch. alley
Nelson street—second turn to r off Dereham rd., after passing Holl’s lane
and Dial inn
Nelson terrace—Grove rd. or Night Cap la.
New Catton road—out of Magdalen gates
New city—comprises Crook’s pl., Union pl., Julian pl., &c.
Newman’s yard—r s Ber st., op. George IV.
Newmarket street—l s Brunswick rd. fr. Newmarket rd.
Newmarket terrace—r s Newmarket rd.
New mills—bottom of Lower Westwick st., on the r
New Mill yard—by New Mills, leads fr. Lower Westwick st. to St. Martin’s
at Oak
Nightcap lane (sometimes called Grove road)—l s St. Stephen’s rd., second
turn past Victoria station
Ninham’s court—last ct. l s Bethel st., leading into Chapel field
Noah’s Ark yard—l s Heigham st., back of Flower-in-Hand inn
Norfolk and Norwich Hospital—r s St. Stephen’s rd.
Norfolk street—first turns r and l fr. Rupert st., Union place
Norgate’s court—r s St. Stephen’s st., op. Surrey st.
Northumberland street—third turn to r off Dereham rd., after passing
Holl’s lane and Dial inn
Norwich Public Dispensary—St. John’s Maddermarket
Nowhere yard—second yd. past St. Lawrence ch., on l s Lower Westwick st.
Oak street—continuation of Coslany st., commencing just past St. Mary’s
pl.
Oak yard—r s Oak st., next Royal Oak
Obey’s yard—l s Lower King st., op. Swan inn
Old Barge yard—l s Lower King st., next the Old Barge inn
Old Barrack yard—l s Gildengate st., op. King’s Head
Old Blacksmith’s yard—r s Ber st. gates, nearly op. King’s Arms
Old Brew yard—r s Oak st., nearly op. Key and Castle
Old Cat and Fiddle yard—l s Botolph st., near Old Cat and Fiddle inn
Old Chequers yard—l s Coslany st., near the bridge
Old Crown yard—l s Oak st., next Old Crown inn
Old Fountain yard—r s Botolph st., op. end of Calvert st.
Old Man’s Hospital—Calvert st.
Old Post Office yard—l s Bedford st., St. Andrew’s, near Nelson tavern
One-post passage—St. Stephen’s st.
Opie street—second turn r s London st., leading to Castle meadow
Orchard street—continuation of John st., Rose la., leading into St.
Faith’s la.
Orford hill—open space reached from the Market, through White Lion st.
Orphan’s Home—54, Pottergate st.
Osborne’s yard—r s Oak st., just past the Bess of Bedlam
Oxford street—second st. l s Unthank’s rd.
Page’s yard (or Baxter’s)—r s Lower King st., near The Rainbow
Palace plain—bottom of Palace st.
Palace street—leading fr. bottom of Tombland, on the right to Palace
plain
Paradise place—large square r s Market la. fr. Scole’s green
Paradise place—a yard on r s Magdalen st., just past White Lion
Paradise row—Hall rd., Lakenham
Paragon buildings—Castle meadow
Paragon street—first st. past jail, on r s St. Giles’ road
Patteson’s yard—l s Magdalen st., near Queen’s Arms
Paul Pry hill—at St. Benedict’s gates, l s leading up to Grapes’ hill
Peacock street—l s Fishgate street, op. St. Edmund’s ch., leading into
St. Paul’s Back la.
Peafield—very large district between Southwell rd. and Lakenham Hall rd.
Pegg’s court—r s Ber st., just past George the Fourth
Peel’s yard—first yard l s Lower Westwick st., after passing St.
Margaret’s st.
Philadelphia—r s Aylsham rd., out St. Augustine’s gates
Pigeons yard—l s Fishgate st., near the Pigeons inn
Pigg lane—l s Palace st., leading to Quay side
Plantation—l s St. Giles’ road, just past jail
Playford’s court—r s Pottergate st., first passage past Eye Infirmary
Plummers’ yard—l s Oak st., joining Key and Castle inn
Pockthorpe—adjoining the Barracks
Porter’s yard—r s World’s End la.
Portland place—r s Vauxhall st., Union pl.
Portland place and Portland square—l s Ch. path (Peafield) fr. Hall rd.,
op. Duke of Norfolk
Portland place—r s Holl’s lane, just before reaching West End Retreat
Post-office street—continuation of Exchange st. and leading into St.
Andrew’s Broad st.
Pottergate street—bottom of Exchange st. to the left, the first hundred
yds. frequently known as Lobster la.
Pottergate street (West)—continuation of Pottergate st., at juncture of
Grapes’ hill and Paul Pry hill
Priest’s buildings—op. Norfolk and Norwich hospital
Priest’s court—Rampant Horse st., nearly op. Briggs’ st.
Prince’s street—from St. Andrew’s plain to Tombland
Priory yard—r s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, nr. Rose inn
Private road—turn through a gateway r s Unthank’s rd., just past pillar
letter-box, leads into Earlham rd.
Private Road villas—just into Private road, fr. Unthank’s rd.
Prospect place—r s King st. gates, op. Ship inn
Prospect place—l s Horn’s la. fr. Ber st.
Prospect place—l s Hall rd., just past King’s Arms
Prospect place—at junction of Heigham, and Heigham rd.
Prospect square—r s Scole’s green
Providence place—West End st., Holl’s la.
Public library—op. north side Guildhall
Pudding lane—connects the Upper walk with the Upper market
Pump street—r s King st., op. entrance to Rose la.
Pump yard—first yard r s Trafalgar st., Lakenham, fr. Hall rd.
Pump yard—first yard past St. Lawrence’s ch. on l s Lower Westwick st.
Purland’s yard—r s Cowgate st. fr. Palace pl., just past entrance to St.
James’
Pye’s yard—l s Palace pl., under an archway nr. the ch.
Quakers’ lane—r s St. Martin’s la.
Quay side—r s Fye bridge, along the river
Queen Caroline yards—both sides of Queen Caroline inn, op. St. Martin’s
ch.
Queen’s Head yard—l s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, by Queen’s Head inn
Queen street—leading fr. Bank plain and London st. to Tombland
Queen street (Crook’s place)—fourth turn to l fr. Union st.
Raglan street—r s Dereham rd., op. Golding st.
Railway station (Thorpe or Eastern Counties)—through Rose la., and just
over Foundry bridge
Railway station (Victoria or Eastern Union)—l s at top of St. Stephen’s
st.
Rainbow yard—r s Lower King st., op. Rainbow inn
Rampant Horse street—top of Briggs’ st., r and l
Rampant Horse Back street—fr. top of Gentleman’s walk, round Savings’
Bank corner, leading to Orford hill and Red Lion st.
Rampant Horse yard—l s Fishgate st., next Rampant Horse inn
Raven’s row—a yard on l s Trafalgar st. fr. Hall’s rd., Lakenham
Red Lion street—fr. Orford hill to St. Stephen’s plain
Red Lion yard—r s Magdalen st., just before reaching the gates, near Red
Lion inn
Redwell street—l s Bank plain, leading into Prince’s st.
Reeve’s yard—l s Coslany st., next Bakers’ Arms
Regent street—first turn to the l in Union st.
Richmond place—r s Richmond hill
Richmond hill—just outside Ber st. gates, leading to Bracondale
Rifleman yard—l s All Saints’ green, nr. Rifleman inn
Rigby’s court—l s St. Giles’, just before reaching the ch., leads into
top of Bethel st.
Rising Sun lane—l s Golden Ball st., leading to Scole’s green
Rising Sun road (part of Chapel Field rd.)—entrance op. Grapes’ inn, St.
Giles
Rising Sun row—r s Chapel Field rd. fr. St. Giles’, first row past Rising
Sun inn
Roach’s court—Elm hill
Robinson’s yard—l s Oak st., nearly op. Royal Oak
Roche’s court—Fisher’s la.
Rochester buildings—Norfolk st., Union pl.
Roe’s yard—l s Ber st., nr. the Recruiting Sergeant
Rose lane—first st. on l s King st., leading to Thorpe railway station,
reached fr. the Market by passing through lower part of London st., Opie
st., and across Castle meadow
Rosemary lane—by St. Mary’s ch.
Rose valley—Unthank’s rd., just past entrance to Asylum rd.
Rose yard—r s St. Augustine’s, adjoining Rose la.
Royal Hotel street—back of Royal Hotel yard, leading to Castle meadow
Royal Oak yard—r s Heigham st., near Royal Oak inn
Rupert street—continuation of Vauxhall st., Union pl.
Russell street—back of St. John’s buildings, through the opening l s Ber
st., op. St. John’s Sepulchre ch.
Sadd’s yard—Coslany st.
Sadler’s yard—l s Oak st., op. Jolly Toper’s inn
Sampson and Hercules’ court—l s Tombland, op. Erpingham gate
Sandling’s Ferry—bottom of Lower close
Sardinian court—r s St. Stephen’s st., just before reaching Duke of
Wellington
Sawmill yard—r s Fishgate st., next Sawmill tavern
Sawmills’ yard—l s Coslany st., adjoining Hotpressers’ Arms
Saver’s buildings—in a lane leading out of Tinkler’s la. into Heigham
causeway
Scole’s green—at the end of Rising Sun la. fr. Golden Ball st.
Scott’s yard—r s Ber st., near Butcher’s Arms
Seaman’s yard—op. Museum, St. Andrew’s Broad st.
Seven Stars yard—r s Barrack st., near Sportman inn
Seymour place—St. Stephen’s sq.
Sherbourne place—r s Mariners’ la. fr. King st.
Ship yard—l s Lower King st., next Ship inn
Ship yard—l s Thorn la. fr. Ber st., nr. Ship inn
Shoulder of Mutton yard—r s St. Stephen’s, by Shoulder of Mutton inn
Sickle yard—Heigham st.
Silver road—l s St. James’ st., leading to Sprowston rd.
Sixteen row—lot of cottages l s of Church path fr. Southwell rd.
(Peafield), nr. Portland Arms
Smith’s yard—l s Oak st., second yard past Suffolk Arms
Somerleyton street—third st. on l s Unthank’s rd.
Somerleyton terrace—l s Somerleyton st., Unthank’s rd.
Somerset buildings—Union place
Somerset place—l s Holl’s la., op. West-end Retreat
Sotheron’s buildings—r s Lady’s la.
Soup Office yard—Fishgate st.
Southgate lane—Lower King st.
Southgate street—l s Duke st., leading to St. Mary’s pl.
Southwell street—the first part of Hall rd. (wh. see), r s St.
Catherine’s pl.
Spencer’s court—l s Lower King st., just past St. Etheldred’s ch.
Spitalfields—just beyond the barracks
Sportsman yard—r s Barrack st., nr. Sportsman inn
St. Andrew’s Broad st.—leading fr. Charing cross to St. Andrew’s Hall
pl., past the bottom of Post office st.
St. Andrew’s hall—St. Andrew’s pl., at juncture of St. Andrew’s Broad
st., St. George’s Bridge st., and Prince’s st.
St. Andrew’s hill—narrow st. nearly op. St. Andrew’s hall, leading up to
London st.
Stanley Home—Peacock st., St. Saviour’s
St. Ann’s staithe—l s Lower King st., op. Elephant and Castle
St. Anne’s Staithe lane—l s King st., next turn past St. Faith’s la.
Starling place—Coburg st., nr. William IV.
St. Augustine’s church alley—narrow la. by St. Augustine’s ch.
St. Augustine’s street—leading fr. the ends of Botolph and Pitt sts.
St. Benedict’s church alley—leading through the ch. yd. fr. St.
Benedict’s pl. to Upper Westwick st.
St. Benedict’s gates—at juncture of Paul Pry hill and Barn rd., end of
St. Benedict’s or Upper Westwick st.
St. Benedict’s lane—r s St. Benedict’s st., nr. the gates
St. Benedict’s plain—Pottergate st., just beyond Ten Bell la., foot of
Cow hill
St. Benedict’s road—see Dereham rd.
St. Benedict’s street—see Upper Westwick st.
St. Catherine’s plain—top of Surrey rd. and Brazen Doors rd.
St. Catherine’s terrace—l s St. Catherine’s pl., op. Hall rd.
St. Clement’s church alley—round the ch., at corners of Magdalen st. and
Colegate st.
St. Clement’s thoroughfare—r s Magdalen st., just past Bull inn, leads
into Fishgate st.
St. Edmund’s square—r s Fishgate st., nr. St. Edmund’s ch.
St. Faith’s lane—fr. St. Etheldred’s gate, Tombland, to the bottom of
Rose la., and thence to Lower King st.
St. George’s church alley—l s Gildengate st., leading past St. George’s
ch.
St. George’s plain—r s Duke st., leading into Colegate st.
St. Giles’ hill—see Grapes’ hill
St. Giles’ road—out of St. Giles’ gates to the r of the jail
St. Giles’ street—leads out of Market-place at the back of Guildhall
St. Giles’ terrace—thro’ arched gateway r s Bethel st., nearly op. Coach
and Horses
St. Gregory’s Church alley—passage thro’ St. Gregory’s ch. yd.,
Pottergate st.
St. Helen’s square—Bishopgate st.
St. James’ palace—lot of cottages r s St. James’ st., op. Dove inn
St. James’ street—r s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, leading into Barrack
st.
St. John’s buildings—row of houses down the opening l s Ber st., op. St.
John’s Sepulchre ch.
St. John’s Head yard—second yd. r s Coslany st., nr. the Bridge
St. John’s Maddermarket—in a line with Dove st., fr. the Market
St. John’s Maddermarket Church alley—thro’ an archway under the tower of
the ch., fr. Pottergate st.
St. Julian’s alley—r s Lower King st., by St. Julian’s ch., leading into
Ber st.
St. Julian street—third turn r s Thorn lane, fr. Ber st.
St. Julian’s terrace—r s Julian st., fr. Thorn ln.
St. Lawrence lane—r s Pottergate st., nearly op. bottom of Fisher’s lane
St. Lawrence steps (great and little)—r s St. Benedict’s st., at either
end of St. Lawrence ch., leads into Lower Westwick st.
St. Margaret’s alley—r s St. Benedict’s st., next St. Margaret’s ch.
St. Margaret’s (or Three King) lane—l s Upper Westwick st., op. St.
Margaret’s ch.
St. Margaret’s plain—Upper Westwick st., by St. Margaret’s ch.
St. Margaret’s street—r s St. Benedict’s st., past St. Margaret’s ch.
St. Margaret’s wharf—r s Lower Westwick st., just past St. Margaret’s ch.
St. Martin’s lane—r s of Oak st., leading past ch. into Pitt street
St. Martin’s walls—la. leading fr. St. Martin’s gates on r s, to St.
Augustine’s gates
St. Mary’s alley—l s Pitt st., adjoining St. Mary’s ch. yd.
St. Mary’s plain—r s Coslany st., by St. Mary’s ch.
St. Paul’s Back lane—continuation of Peacock st., leading to Cowgate st.,
St. Paul’s
St. Paul’s Church alley—leading round the back of St. Paul’s ch.
St. Paul’s plain-by St. Paul’s ch., St. Paul’s st.
St. Paul’s street—l s of Cowgate st., fr. Palace plain, op. St. James’
st.
St. Paul’s thoroughfare—l s Cowgate st. fr. Palace plain, leading to St.
Paul’s ch.
St. Peter’s Southgate lane—r s Lower King st., leading past St. Peter’s
Southgate ch.
St. Saviour’s Church alley—r s Magdalen st., next St. Saviour’s ch.
St. Saviour’s lane—r s Magdalen st., by St. Saviour’s ch.
St. Simon’s Church street—l s Wensum st., leading to Elm hill
St. Stephen’s street—from the Market, through Brigg’s st., to the l, and
then to the r
St. Stephen’s Back street—back of St. Stephen’s to the r; reached through
the Church alley, Stockings’ court, or Coburg st.
St. Stephen’s Church alley—leads out of Rampant Horse st., by the side of
the ch., into Malthouse la.
St. Stephen’s plain—open space, juncture of Rampant Horse, Red Lion,
Westlegate, and St. Stephen’s streets; reached fr. the Market, through
Briggs’ st., and turn to the l
St. Stephen’s square—first turn to l on Chapel Field rd. fr. St.
Stephen’s gates, leading round into St. Stephen’s rd.
St. Swithin’s alley—by St. Swithin’s ch., r s of St. Benedict’s st., op.
Ten Bell la.
Staff of Life yard—l s Fishgate st., op. St. Edmund’s ch.
Stafford terrace—l s Church st., New Catton
Stamp Office yard—St. Andrew’s Broad st., nearly op. Bridewell alley
Star and Crown yard—l s Timberhill st., just past Star and Crown inn
Starling’s yard—l s Botolph st., through Old Cat and Fiddle yard
Stepping lane—leads from Scoles’ green to King street
Steward and Patteson’s Cut yard—op. Steward and Patteson’s brewery,
Pockthorpe
Stockings’ Court—r s St. Stephen’s st., just past entrance to Surrey st.
Stone-entry yard—l s Oak st., op. Royal Oak
Stonemason’s buildings, or square—second yard l s Gildengate st.
Strike’s yard—r s Thorn la. fr. Ber st., nr. Sparkes’ foundry
Stump cross—at juncture of Magdalen and Botolph streets
Suffolk street—second turn to r and l fr. Rupert st., Union pl.
Surrey court—first court on the l in Surrey st.
Surrey grove—through first opening on l s Surrey rd.
Surrey place—Brazen Doors rd.
Surrey Mews—Upper Surrey st., adjoining Militia barracks
Surrey road—on a line with Surrey st., leading to St. Catherine’s pl.
Surrey street—first st. l s St. Stephen’s st.
Sun yard—r s Coslany st., next Sun inn
Surrey street—first turn l s St. Stephen’s st.
Surrey street (Upper)—top of Surrey st., to r and l
Surrey terrace—l s Grove road, op. Surrey inn
Sussex street—leading fr. l s St. Augustine’s st., near the gates, into
Oak st.
Swan lane—second turn l s London st.
Swan yard—r s Lower King st., adjoining Swan inn
Tabernacle street—leading fr. Palace pl. on the right to Bishopgate st.
Tallow-chandler’s yard—l s Timberhill st., op. Orford hill chapel
Tamworth terrace—l s Unthank’s rd., just past entrance to Bedford st.
Ten Bell lane—r s Pottergate st., leading fr. foot of Cow hill into St.
Benedict’s st.
Theatre street—leads fr. Rampant Horse st. to Chapel field
Thirteen row—l s Trafalgar st., fr. Hall rd., just past Lord Nelson
Thompson’s yard—l s Fishgate st., nr. Rampant Horse inn
Thorold’s buildings—r s Rose la., just before reaching Foundry bridge
Thorn lane—first turn l s Ber st., leads to King st.
Thoroughfare yard—r s Fishgate st., next Duke of Marlborough
Three King lane—(see St. Margaret’s la.)
Three Tuns yard—first yard past Rose la. corner, r s King st.
Thurso place—r s Dereham rd., just past Dial inn
Tidd’s yard—l s Oak st.
Till’s court—r s Ber st., just before reaching Lock and Key
Timberhill street—leading fr. top of Orford hill to Ber st.
Tinkler’s lane—last turn r s Dereham rd. before reaching Holl’s la.,
leads into Heigham st.
Toll’s court—entrance through a passage l s Briggs’ st.
Tombland—open space at the end of Queen st.
Town close—lying between Newmarket and Ipswich rd., entered on Newmarket
rd. by first turn to l
Trafalgar place—r s Dereham rd., joining further end of Dereham rd.
terrace
Trafalgar place—r s Hall rd., op. Southwell Arms
Trafalgar street—first st. r s Hall rd., leading to Southwell rd.
Trory street—round top of Victoria st. to the r, and then first st. to
the r
Trory street—second turn to r fr. Vauxhall st., Julian pl.
Tuck’s court—l s St. Giles’, nearly op. Norfolk hotel
Tuns yard—l s Coslany st., op. St. Miles’ ch. alley
Twenty-one row—second turn to the r in Church path fr. Southwell rd.
(Peafield)
Two Brewers’ yard—r s Magdalen st. next Two Brewers’ inn
Two-necked Swan yard—r s St. Stephen’s st., nr. Two-necked Swan inn
Unicorn yard—r s St. Stephen’s st., nr. Unicorn inn
Unicorn yard—l s Coslany st., next Unicorn inn
Union place—reached by any of the openings on r s Chapel Field rd. fr.
St. Giles’
Union square—r s Union st., by Coach and Horses
Union street (Union pl.)—third turn to the r off Chapel Field rd. fr. St.
Giles’ gates
Union terrace—l s Union st., Union pl.
Upper Market—row of houses behind upper side of Market-place
Upper walk—upper side of Market pl.
Unthank’s road—out of St. Giles’ gates to the l of the jail
Valentine street—l s Dereham rd., first st. past St. Benedict’s gates
Vauxhall street—first turn r s Chapel Field rd. fr. top of St. Giles’
Vauxhall terrace—r s Vauxhall st., op. Julian st.
Victoria place—r s top of Union st., op. Brunswick rd.
Victoria street—l s St. Stephen’s rd., just past Victoria station
Vyall’s yard—St. Andrew’s Broad st., nearly op. model school
Waddington street (Heigham)—second turn to r in West End st. fr. Holl’s
la.
Waddington terrace—l s Church st., St. Julian’s fr. Garden st., Thorn la.
Wagon and Horses lane—Elm hill
Waite’s court—in lower part of Upper Goat la.
Wall’s yard—l s Ber st., op. St. John’s Sepulchre ch.
Water lane—Colegate st., op. St. George’s ch.
Water lane, St. Edmund’s—r s Fishgate st., leading past St. Edmund’s ch.
Water lane, St. James’—r s St. James’ st., just past Dove inn
Waterloo—l s New Catton rd., op. the ch.
Waterloo street (see Brunswick rd.)
Watson’s buildings—Distillery st., nearly op. West Wymer st.
Watson’s court—r s King st., second yd. past Rose la. corner
Watson’s yard—l s Lower King st., op. St. Peter’s per Mountergate ch.
Watts’ court—last ct. but one l s Bethel st.
Wayland terrace—in Prospect sq., r s Scoles’ green
Weaver’s lane—narrow passage leading fr. Upper walk into Haymarket
Webb’s yard—l s Magdalen st., op. Red Lion
Wellington court—r s St. Stephen’s, nr. Duke of Wellington inn
Wellington pl.—r s Wellington st. fr. St. Giles’
Wellington street—r s Upper St. Giles’, second turn past ch., leads into
Pottergate st.
Wellington terrace—Grove rd.
Wellington terrace—r s Vauxhall st.
Wensum or Fye Bridge street—leading fr. Tombland, on the left, to
Magdalen st.
Westbourne terrace—l s Unthank’s rd., just past Somerleyton st.
West End place—r s Grove rd., top of Victoria st.
West End street—l s Holl’s la., fr. Dereham rd.
West End terrace—r s Grapes’ hill, fr. St. Giles’ gates
Western terrace—l s Earlham rd., just past entrance to West parade
Westlegate street—fr. St. Stephen’s plain, past City of Norwich Arms, to
All Saints’ green
West Pottergate street—leading off Grapes’ hill to the r fr. St. Giles’,
nearly op. Pottergate st.
Weston’s court—Upper market, first ct. fr. St. Giles’ corner
West parade—Earlham rd., nearly op. Earlham Rd. terrace
West Wymer street—last turn l s Distillery st., fr. St. Giles’ rd.
Westwick street (Lower)—leading fr. Charing cross on the r, to Heigham
Westwick street (Upper)—leading fr. Charing cross on the l, to Dereham
rd.
Whale’s buildings—St. Augustine’s gates
Wheat Sheaf yard—l s St. Stephen’s st., nr. Wheat Sheaf inn
Wheelhouse’s court—r s St. Giles’ rd., just past Paragon st.
Whitefriars’ bridge—over St. Martin’s palace pl. to the l
Whitefriars’ street—l s Palace plain, op. St. Martin’s ch.
White Hart yard—l s Ber st., between White Hart and King’s Arms
White Horse yard—r s Barrack st., just past the Seven Stars
White Horse yard—l s Magdalen st., by White Horse inn; leads into Botolph
st.
White Lion street—leading from top part of Gentlemen’s walk to Orford
hill
White Lion yard—r s Magdalen st., next White Lion inn
Wickham’s yard—l s Lower King st., near Steam Packet inn
Wigg’s buildings—row of cottages at back of r s of Distillery st. (fr.
St. Giles’); entrance nearly op. West Wymer st.
William street—first turn r s off Paul Pry hill, fr. St. Benedict’s gates
William street—turn to the r bottom of John st., Rose la.
Willow lane—last turn r s St. Giles’, before reaching the ch.
Windsor place—Southwell st.
Windsor terrace—Grove rd.
Wiseman’s yard—Muspole st.
Wooden entry—Pottergate st.
Woolpack yard—second yard l s Botolph street
Workhouse—on the Dereham rd., up the la. on the loft, leading past the
Cemetery
World’s End la—at bottom of Palace plain, l s
Wounded Hart lane—Upper market, nr. the Wounded Hart
Wrestlers’ yard—l s St. James’ st., nr. Wrestlers’ inn
Yarington’s court—r s Wensum st., nr. Fye bridge
York place—row red brick houses r s Chapel Field rd. fr. St. Stephen’s
gates
York Tavern passage—l s Orford hill, leading to Castle hill
Youell’s buildings—l s Hall rd., nr. Freemasons’ Arms




THE NEIGHBOURING VILLAGES.


The following is a Directory of the Villages within a circuit of five
miles.

ARMINGHALL, a small parish in Henstead hundred, 2½ miles from Norwich,
contained, in 1851, 56 inhabitants.  It comprises 630 acres, which belong
to the Dean and Chapter of Norwich, who are lords of the manor, patrons
of the living, and impropriators of the tithes.  The living is a
perpetual curacy, held by the Rev. Thomas John Batcheler, B.D., who
resides at Norwich.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Hammond, John, market gardener
Parker, George William, farmer
Saul, Robert, blacksmith
Waters, Edward, farmer and poor rate collector, The Hall
Spink, William, parish clerk

                                * * * * *

BAWBURGH, or BABUR, in Forehoe hundred, 5 miles from Norwich, contains
1400 acres, and the population, in 1851, was 460.  Lord Stafford is lord
of the manor, and the chief landowners are J. S. Muskett, Esq., of Eaton,
and Sir W. Parish, Knt.  The living is a vicarage, in the gift of the
Dean and Chapter of Norwich.  The Rev. G. Carter, of Norwich, is the
incumbent, and the Rev. J. H. Payne, of Colney, the curate.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Browne, Daniel, blacksmith
Buxton, Samuel, King’s Head
Candler, Edward, superintendent of paper mills
Child, John William, baker
Cole, Jas., wheelwright and blacksmith
Cross, Thomas, farmer
Davey, James, bricklayer
Delane, Magnay and Co., paper mills (and at Taverham)
Dunham, James, shoemaker
Dunnell, William, shoemaker
Forster, William, The Cock
Hart, Thomas, farmer
Harvey, George, butcher
Matthews, Robert, parish clerk
Reeve, Thomas, butcher
Smith, Timothy, farmer
Sturgess, Elizabeth, school-mistress
Sturgess, William, school-master
Tann, Samuel, wheelwright
Tyler, John, shopkeeper

                                * * * * *

BEESTON ST. ANDREW, in Taverham hundred.  3 miles north of Norwich,
contains three farms and a few cottages.  The Old Hall was built in 1610,
and is still standing.  The chief part of the land belongs to the Rev. J.
N. Micklethwait and O. Barnes, Esq.  Sir Thomas Barrett Lennard, Bart.,
is lord of the manor.  There is no church, but a sinecure rectory, in the
patronage of the Rev. Henry Banfather, who is also the incumbent.  The
population, in 1851, was 41.

Barnes, Orlando, farmer
Bowen, Thomas, farmer
Howlett, Harcourt, farmer
Gowen, Abraham, gardener

                                * * * * *

BIXLEY is a pretty village, in the hundred of Henstead, about 3 miles
from Norwich.  It consists of 634 acres of land, chiefly the property of
the Earl of Rosebery, who is lord of the manor.  The population, in 1851,
was 128.  The living is a rectory, with that of Earl Framingham annexed,
in the gift of the Rev. Charles David Brereton, M.A., who is also the
incumbent.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Base, Samuel, Esq., Lodge
Martin, Mrs., Hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Clare, Charles and Son, millers and merchants
Jarmay, Charles, farm bailiff
Parker, Arthur, farmer
Parker, Charles, farmer
Parker, George, yeoman
Seaman, William, farmer, and poor’s rate collector
Sowter, James, yeoman
Sowter, John, farmer

                                * * * * *

BRAMERTON, situate in the hundred of Henstead, 4½ miles from Norwich,
contains 230 inhabitants and 728 acres of land.  The living is a rectory
in the gift of Robert Fellowes, Esq: the Rev. Edmund Blake is the
incumbent.  The parish school is attended by between 40 and 50 children.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Blake, Rev. Edmund, M.A., Rectory
Blake, John Joseph, Esq.
Blake, Mrs. Sophia

                               COMMERCIAL.

Beaumont, Henry, sen., carpenter
Beaumont, Robert, farmer and parish clerk
Crisp, William, farm bailiff
Forder, John, grocer and poor’s rate collector
Frost, Samuel, market gardener
Green, John, corn miller
Miller, Mrs. Mary, farmer
Moore, John, postmaster
Nobbs, J., butcher and pig dealer
Nobbs, John, shopkeeper
Osborne, J., farmer and cattle dealer
Rudd, Robert Gray, farmer
Todd, David, blacksmith
Turner, Miss Harriet, schoolmistress
Turner, Samuel, Woods End Ferry, and plumber and painter

                                * * * * *

BOWTHORPE, 3 miles from Norwich, has but about 30 inhabitants, and 600
acres of land, belonging to R. Frank, Esq., and all farmed by Mr.
Howlett.  The church is in ruins, and the curacy is consolidated with
Earlham.

                                * * * * *

CAISTOR ST. EDMUND, a village in Henstead hundred, 3 miles from Norwich,
contains 154 inhabitants, and 1045a. 1r. 10p. of land.  The living is a
rectory, consolidated with that of Markshall, in the gift of Mrs.
Dashwood, of Caistor Hall, who is also lady of the manor; the incumbent
is the Rev. John Arthy.  Caistor is supposed to have been the capital of
the Iceni, a Belgic tribe, and was by the Romans called Venta Icenorum,
and for distinction, Castrum, the _camp_, whence the East Angles, on
their conquest of the country, called it Caistor.  Many Roman antiquities
and coins, preserved at Norwich, have been found here of various
emperors.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Arthy, Rev. John, M.A., rector
Dashwood, Mrs. Harriet, the Hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Cogman, John, blacksmith and parish clerk
Culling, Thomas Norman, farmer
Davy, A., wheelwright and carpenter
King, James, farmer
Spurrell, John, farmer
Williamson, Thomas, farmer, and poor rate collector

                                * * * * *

CARLETON ST. MARY, or EAST CARLETON, in Humbleyard hundred and Henstead
union, is distant from Swainsthorpe station 2 miles, and Norwich 5.  It
contained 284 inhabitants in 1851, and 1213 acres of land.  East Carleton
anciently formed two parishes, and had two churches, which are now united
for parochial, but separated for ecclesiastical purposes.  The church of
St. Peter went to ruins in 1550, but its discharged rectory still remains
as a sinecure, in the gift of the Lord Chancellor, and incumbency of the
Rev. Samuel Barker, of Lakenheath, in Suffolk.  The living of the church
of St. Mary is a rectory, in the gift of the Norwich Charity Trustees,
who are lords of one of the manors, and the Rev. Robert John Francis, of
Beccles, is the incumbent.  The chief landowners are the Rev. John Henry
Steward, M.A., who is also lord of the manor of Carleton, late
Townshend’s, and Sir John Peter Boileau, Bart.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Denison, Stephen Charles, Esq., The Lodge
Francis, Mrs. Letitia
Steward, Rev. John H., M.A., Manor house

                               COMMERCIAL.

Albrough, William, market gardener
Bailey, Robert, butcher
Baldwin, Richard, market gardener
Bunting, John, wheelwright
Cooper, John, parish clerk
Edwards, John Green, farmer
Fairman, James, market gardener
Forster, William, blacksmith
Heard, George, farmer
Huggins, William, farmer and collector of taxes
Land, Mrs. Sarah, shopkeeper
Smith, Matthew, farmer and collector of rates
Swann, John, land bailiff
Thrower, Isaac, boot and shoe maker

                                * * * * *

CATTON (OLD) is a picturesque village, about 2½ miles from Norwich, with
900 acres of land, and, in 1851, a population of 618.  The living is a
vicarage, in the gift of the Dean and Chapter of Norwich, who are also
lords of the manor, and the vicar is the Rev. Richard Hart, B.A.  The
Hall is occupied by John Henry Gurney, Esq., M.P.  NEW CATTON is a suburb
of Norwich.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Barnes, Miss Jane, Old hall
Blake, Robert Wiffen, Esq.
Chamberlin, Robert, Esq.
Cooke, Henry, Esq.
Cubitt, William Jary, Esq.
Gedge, George, Esq.
Gurney, John Henry, Esq., M.P., Hall
Hart, Rev. Richard, B.A., Vicarage
Heath, Charles, Esq.
Long, Edmund Slingsby, Esq.
Massingham, Joseph, Esq.
Millard, William Salter, Esq.
Minty, Miss
Morse, Mrs. George
Rackham, Thomas Hanworth, Esq., The Cottage
Rackham, Thomas John Carter, Esq., The Grove
Springfield, Osborn, Esq.
Waite, John Newman, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Attoe, John, lime burner
Badcock, William, blacksmith
Broad John, boot maker
Dennington, Thomas, gardener
Dixon, Owen, farmer
Guymer, Joseph, wheelwright
Guymer, Richard, parish clerk and carpenter
Guymer, William, carpenter
Hinde, Ephraim, farmer
Hipper, Robert, Maid’s Head inn
Howeld John, boot and shoe maker
Jackson, Mrs. Harriet, mistress of the Free School
Lambert, Edward, market gardener
Minns, John, farmer
Neale, William, blacksmith
Newman, Mrs. Mary A., laundress
Oakley, John, tailor
Orsborn, Mark, woodman and bricklayer
Paul, William, George and Dragon inn, and boot and shoe maker
Plowman, Robert, Magpie inn, and saddler and harness maker
Rackham, Elijah, farmer
Rackham, Elisha, market gardener
Rackham, Thomas H., solicitor
Rippingale, Mrs. Sarah, shopkeeper
Scott, Samuel, farmer
Walker Thomas, baker and postmaster

                                * * * * *

COLNEY, 3 miles from Norwich, contains about 90 inhabitants and nearly
1000 acres of land, belonging to Joseph Scott, Esq.  The living is a
rectory in the gift of Mr. Scott.  The Rev. E. Postle, M.A., is the
incumbent, and, the Rev. J. H. Payne, M.A., the curate.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Payne, Rev. John Hervey, M.A.
Scott, Joseph, Esq., The Hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Bone, Mrs. Hannah, sub-postmistress
Bone, Thomas, boot and shoe maker
Gayford, Luke, blacksmith
Meen, Samuel, farmer
Utting, John, farmer
Wilson, John, boot and shoe maker

                                * * * * *

COSTESSEY, or COSSEY, is a scattered but pleasant village, 4 miles from
Norwich, in the Forehoe hundred and union, with a population of about
1100.  The Hall is the seat of Lord Stafford, who is lord of the manor,
and the principal landowner.  The living is a perpetual curacy, in the
gift of the Great Hospital, at Norwich, and enjoyed by the Rev. James
William Evans, M.A.  There are a National school, a British school, a
large Roman Catholic school, and Baptist and Roman Catholic chapels.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Evans, Rev. James W., Cottage
Husenbeth, Right Rev. F. C., D.D., (Catholic)
Ivory, Rev. John, Baptist minister
Kidd, Mr. Thomas
Martin, Mr. Edmund

                               COMMERCIAL.

Banham, James, well sinker
Banham, William, farmer and butcher
Barker, Robert, farmer
Bealey, Thomas, shopkeeper and wheelwright
Blowers, John, land agent, Hall
Cannell, Jacob, butcher
Carr, John, farmer
Coe, John, police constable
Cole, William, gardener
Culley, Henry Utting, corn miller
Culley, John, farmer
Cushion, William, shoemaker
Fairman, Benjamin, basket maker
Grant, Joseph, glass stainer
Frost, Rose, National schoolmistress
Gunton, Edward, Red Lion
Gunton, George, brickmaker
Hall, Horatio, druggist and grocer
Harman, Henry, farmer
Hastings Edward, carpenter
Hastings, Elizabeth, farmer
Hastings, William, carpenter
Howard, Peter, farmer
Hudson, James, The Falcon
Jewell, Samuel, veterinary surgeon
Kidd, Mrs., bricklayer
Lavender, John, farmer, Park
Laws, Mark, shoemaker
Norman, John, bricklayer and lime burner
Perry, John L., grocer and draper
Rising, Robert C., farmer, Lodge
Sadler, John, shoemaker
Savage, George, saddler
Sidney, Robert C., shopkeeper
Sisson, Henry, Black Swan
Smith, Charles, registrar of marriages
Sparks, Mary, British school
Spaul, John, tailor
Spaul, Miss Betsey, shopkeeper
Taylor, John, The Bush, and watchmaker
Taylor, Mrs. William, farmer
Watcham, Charles, butcher and farmer
Wighton, John, gardener
Wighton, Mrs., White Hart
White, John, gamekeeper, Park
White, Richard, gamekeeper and woodman

                                * * * * *

CRINGLEFORD, in Humbleyard hundred and Henstead union, is situated about
2½ miles from Norwich, and 3 from the Hethersett railway station.  The
parish contains nearly 1000 acres of land and about 200 inhabitants.  The
Trustees of the Great Hospital, (St. Helen’s) Norwich, are impropriators
of the tithes and patrons of the living, which is a perpetual curacy, now
held by the Rev. Edward Priest, B.A., with a stipend of £100 per annum.
A large school-room for this and the adjoining parishes, with a capital
residence for the master, has been erected here by subscription.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Bateman, James, Esq.
Davie, Rev. William Cufaude, M.A., curate of Intwood, Intwood rectory, in
Cringleford
Girdlestone, Mrs. Mary Ann
Patteson, Mrs.
Priest, Rev. Edward, B.A., incumbent, Parsonage
Tyler, William, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Candler, Horatio, miller and farmer
Cannell, Abraham, sen., farmer
Cannell, Abraham, jun., farmer
Cracknell, John, wheelwright and blacksmith
Drane, William, farmer
George, George, farmer
Land, John, schoolmaster
Reynolds, John, farmer

                                * * * * *

CROSTWICK, in the Taverham hundred, 4 miles from Norwich, contains a
population of 140, and 700 acres of excellent land, the property of John
Longe, Esq., of Spixworth, and Lieut. Col. Stracey.  The living is a
rectory in the gift of the Bishop of Norwich, and the Rev. E. J. Bell is
the incumbent.  There is a National school for between 40 and 50
children.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENT.

Bell, Rev. Edward John, M.A.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Benseley, John, farmer
Crowe, Alfred, wheelwright
Money, John, carpenter
Towler, Frederick, farmer
Woodcock, William, farmer
Woodhouse, Betsey, White Horse, and shopkeeper

                                * * * * *

DRAYTON, in Taverham hundred and in the union of St. Faith’s, is situated
about 4½ miles north-west of Norwich station.  The principal object of
interest is the ruin of old Drayton Lodge, situated on an acclivity half
a mile south-west of the church, near the residence of Frederick Magnay,
Esq.  Its walls are composed of yellow brick.  Here is also an
entrenchment field of battle, called BLOODSDALE, and the ruins of an
ancient cross.  The church of St. Margaret is a plain building, with
thatched roof and square tower.  The living, in the gift of the Bishop of
Norwich, is a rectory consolidated with Hellesdon, joint gross annual
value £649.  The Rev. Hinds Howell, B.A., is the incumbent, and resides
at the Rectory.  There is a National School recently opened for boys and
girls; and there is also a Baptist Chapel in the village.  The parish
contains 1284 acres, and in 1851, the population was 472.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Bradshaw, Capt. Francis Green
Bradshaw, Francis Weston, Esq.
Howell, Rev. H., B.A., (rector) Rectory
Magnay, Frederick Arthur, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Adcock, Edmund, farmer
Adcock, Henry, Cock inn, and farmer
Adcock, William, bootmaker
Arger, John, pork butcher
Bell, William, wheelwright
Bessey, John, bootmaker
Blyth, Matthew, brewer
Bunn, Samuel, farmer
Buttle, Henry, postmaster and shopkeeper
Cannell, John, blacksmith
Eke, Everett, blacksmith
Fenn, Robert, shoemaker, and collector of rates and taxes
French, Miles, farmer
Fuller, Daniel, parish clerk
Hipper, Robert, butcher
Howard, Jeremiah, saw and corn mills
Howard, William, Red Lion
March, John, shopkeeper
Norton, Hammond, landowner and farmer

                                * * * * *

DUNSTON, in Humbleyard hundred and Henstead union, distant from
Swainsthorpe station 1½ mile, and from Norwich 4 miles, contained, in
1851, 126 inhabitants, and 613 acres of land, principally the property of
Robert Kellett Long, Esq., of Dunston Hall, who is lord of the manor.
The church of St. Remigius is a small building with square tower; it has
a brass in the chancel, with effigies of Clere Talbot and his two wives.
The living is a perpetual curacy, and the present incumbent is the Rev.
H. C. Long, and his curate the Rev. J. W. Wenn, who resides at Mangreen
Hall.  There is a school, supported by the lord of the manor.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Fish, John
Long, Robert K., Esq., Dunston Hall
Moy, John

                               COMMERCIAL.

Dady, John, parish clerk
Le Neve, — farmer
Lincoln, Jeremiah, steward to R. K. Long, Esq.
Stimpson, Miss Mary A., schoolmistress

                                * * * * *

EARLHAM is a romantic little village, 2 miles from Norwich.  The Hall—the
birthplace and early residence of Elizabeth Fry—is now occupied by the
Rev. William Ripley, M.A.  The living is a vicarage, with Bowthorpe
consolidated, enjoyed by the Rev. J. H. Payne, who resides at Colney.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Beauchamp, Mrs. Augusta
Ripley, Rev. William Nottidge, M.A., Earlham hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Bone, Mrs. Hannah, post-office
Bright, Edward, property and income tax collector
Bright, John, carpenter
Colman, William, farmer
Cross, Mrs. Mary Ann, farmer
Kett, James, farmer

                                * * * * *

EATON, 2 miles from Norwich, population nearly 800.  The Dean and Chapter
of Norwich are lords of the manor, and the living is a vicarage, in their
gift.  The Rev. George Day is the incumbent.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Beddingfield, Mr. Nelson, Newmarket road
Bedford, Mrs., Fern Hill cottage
Blythe, Miss Rhoda, Mile End lane
Button, Mrs., Mile End lane
Chamberlin, Mr. James, Mile End lane
Crooke, Mrs., Mile End lane
Davis, Mr. Samuel S., Mile End lane
Day, Peter, Esq., Beech lodge
Fickling, Miss Caroline, Mile End lane
Flowers, Mrs., Unthank’s road
Hill, Mr. Samuel S., Mile End lane
Jeckell, George, Esq., Eaton road
Muskett, Joseph, S., Esq.
Rossi, George, Esq., Eaton villa
Seed, Mr. Henry
Steward, Edward, Esq., Eaton hall
Stocks, Rev. Edward, M.A., Newmarket road
Sudbury, Mr. Thomas, Mile End lane
Taylor, Clement, Esq., Mile End lane
Taylor, Mrs., Mile End lane
Thorns, Mr. Robert, Eaton park

                               COMMERCIAL.

Dix, William James, farmer
Fish, John, The Cellar House inn
Ewing, John W., nurseryman, seedsman, and lime burner
Freeman, Charles R., wholesale grocer
George, Thomas W., farmer and brewer
Matthew, John, drillman
Newman, Henry, farmer, North farm
Nixon, Robert, Lamb inn
Stannard, James, Red Lion
Stannard, Thomas, cattle dealer
Stocks, Rev. Edward, M.A., academy
Stubbs, George, farmer, Mile end
Thirkettle, William, blacksmith
Webb, W., shopkeeper and postmaster

                                * * * * *

FRAMINGHAMS, two pretty and neatly-wooded parishes, called FRAMINGHAM
PIGOT and FRAMINGHAM EARL, the latter seated 4 miles south-east of
Norwich, and the former extending one mile further south-eastward.  They
are agricultural villages, possessing separate churches, both dedicated
to St. Andrew.  The Earl of Roseberry is lord of the manor.  The land
belongs to several owners, of whom G. B. Leak Knight, Esq., W. Jecks,
Esq., and G. H. Christie, Esq., are the largest.  The living of
Framingham Pigot is in the gift of the Bishop of Norwich, and the
incumbent is the Rev. William Henry Plume, B.A.  Framingham Earl is a
rectory, annexed to that of Bixley, joint annual value £608, in the gift
of the incumbent, the Rev. Charles David Brereton, M.A.; his curate is
the Rev. Godfrey John Bird.  There is a small Baptist chapel in
Framingham Pigot, and a National school in Framingham Earl; also a
Wesleyan chapel.  The population of Framingham Earl, in 1851, was 111,
and Framingham Pigot, 345.  The old church at Framingham Pigot is now
replaced by a handsome edifice in the Early English style, from designs
by Mr. Thomas Loyd, of Norwich.

                             FRAMINGHAM EARL.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Bird, Rev. Godfrey John, curate
Black, Capt. George
Knight, George Brown Leak, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Barker, William, Railway tavern
Barker, William, carpenter
Blyth, Samuel, parish clerk
Blyth, Samuel, farm bailiff
Chaplin, Josiah, master of National school and postmaster
Gedge, John, farmer and poor’s rate collector
Utting, George, farmer

                            FRAMINGHAM PIGOT.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Christie, George Henry, Esq.
Hawkins, John, Esq.
Jecks, William, Esq.
Plume, Rev. William H., B.A., Rectory

                               COMMERCIAL.

Alexander, David, farmer
Barker, Thomas, farmer
Barker, William, Feathers
Beaumont, John, shoemaker
Beaumont, Robert, shoemaker
Ewing, John, bricklayer
Ewing, Robert, shoemaker and parish clerk
Grint, Miss Ruth, parochial schoolmistress
Hawkes, John, jun., market gardener
Holmes, William, market gardener
Ives, Thomas, farmer
Kirby, John, farmer
Lawrence, William, shopkeeper and carpenter
Long, George, market gardener and poor’s rate collector
Nunn, William, grocer and baker
Read, Charles, carpenter
Riches, Henry, cowkeeper
Sales, William, The Fox, and blacksmith
Spinks, — farmer and butcher
Wilkinson, Pinkingham, market gardener
Yallop, James, market gardener
Youngs, William, The Gull

                                * * * * *

GREAT AND LITTLE PORINGLAND.  GREAT or EAST PORINGLAND, 4½ miles from
Norwich, is in Henstead union and hundred.  The Earl of Roseberry is lord
of the manor.  The living is a rectory, with residence; the Rev. S.
Brereton is the patron and incumbent, and the Rev. L. C. Wallich, M.A.,
is the curate.  LITTLE PORINGLAND is chiefly the property of the Rev. J.
Holmes, who is also lord of the manor.  It is united with Great
Poringland for the support of the poor, but not with regard to the roads.
The church is in ruins.  The living is a curacy consolidated with the
rectory of Howe.  The population of the joint parishes in 1851, was 605.

                            GREAT PORINGLAND.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENT.

Wallich, Rev. Leonard Calder, M.A., curate

                               COMMERCIAL.

Aylmer, William, The Dove
Beverly, Thomas, corn miller and farmer
Beverly, Tobias, farmer
Beverly, William, yeoman
Bullen, John, carpenter
Bullen, Thomas, wheelwright and carpenter
Case, William Drackett, blacksmith
Chalker, Mrs. Sarah, dressmaker
Critoph, Joseph, shopkeeper
Edwards, James, beer retailer and well sinker
Fransham, Mrs. Susannah, farmer
Goodrum, Benjamin, blacksmith
King, Charles, farmer
Lake, James, cattle dealer
Lawrence, James, White Hart, and well sinker and pump maker
Laws, R., White Swan, and bricklayer
Lincoln, John, blacksmith
Matthews, Norman, farmer
Palmer, Herbert, wheelwright and shopkeeper
Parker, John, miller and poor’s rate collector
Taylor, Joseph, shoemaker
Thetford, Robert Johnson, farmer
Todd, David, cattle dealer
Todd, J., cattle dealer, farmer and butcher
Utting, James, parish clerk
Utting, Mrs. Lydia, pork butcher
Wright, Jonathan, shopkeeper

                            LITTLE PORINGLAND.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Burrell, John, farmer
Hubbard, Charles, farmer
Seago, Thomas, farmer
Shortins, James, farmer

                                * * * * *

GREAT MELTON, in Humbleyard hundred and union of Henstead, is 3 miles
from Hethersett station, and 6 from Norwich.  The Hall is a plain
mansion, the seat of Charles Lombe, Esq., lord of the manor and chief
owner.  The living is a rectory, with residence, in the gift of Caius
College, Cambridge, and the incumbent is the Rev. Charles Eyres, M.A.
The village school-room, a very handsome building, was erected in 1850,
at the sole expense of Charles Lombe, Esq.  The school, which is for boys
and girls, is conducted on the National system, and supported by the lord
of the manor and the Rev. Charles Eyres, with a small weekly payment from
the scholars.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Eyres, Rev. Charles, M.A., rector
Rose, Mr. Thomas

                               COMMERCIAL.

Barber, Miss, schoolmistress
Barker, James, shopkeeper
Bloom, Thomas, farmer, College farm
Burrell, John, farmer
Child, J., beer retailer and blacksmith
Cunningham, James, shopkeeper
Dodd, Robert, farmer, Church farm
Howard, Matthew, farmer
Howlett, William, market gardener
Pearson, George, farmer, Whong farm
Pearson, James, farmer, Chapel farm
Reynolds, John, farmer
Rose, Phillip, farmer, High House and Rail farms
Sutton, William, farmer
Woodcock, John, parish clerk

                                * * * * *

HELLESDEN, or HELLESDON, is situated in Taverham hundred, about 2 miles
from Norwich.  In 1851 the population was 467, but a great part is at
Hellesdon hamlet, in the county of the city of Norwich.  The church of
St. Mary is small but neat: it is square built, without a tower, but has
a wooden belfry and spire.  The living is a rectory, consolidated with
that of Drayton (see Drayton).  A National school was erected in 1852, by
Government grant and subscriptions.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Bleakley, Mrs., Fir house
Delane, William, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Baldrey, John, market gardener, fruit, potatoe, and pea salesman, Upper
Hellesden
Batson, Edward, miller, and postmaster, Upper Hellesden
Bleakley, Page, farmer, Fir house
Blyth, James, wheelwright
Cooper, John, farmer, Upper Hellesden
Cox, James, market gardener, Upper Hellesden
Cross, George, farmer
Dennington, Job, market gardener, Upper Hellesden
Gowing, George, farmer, Old Hall
Greenfield, Mrs. Clara, market gardener, Upper Hellesden
Holman, George, blacksmith
Orris, Alfred, farmer, Upper Hellesden
Larkman, Robert, market gardener, Upper Hellesden
Reynolds, Joshua, miller and guardian, Upper Hellesden
Tallowin, Joseph, Old Mile Cross, Upper Hellesden
Wells, William Harrison, miller
Wright, Miss Harriet, National schoolmistress, Upper Hellesden

                                * * * * *

HETHERSETT has a railway station on the Eastern Counties’ Railway.  This
village is in Humbleyard hundred; 3 miles from Wymondham, and 6 from
Norwich.  There is a chapel for Wesleyans; also a National and British
school for boys and girls, which are both well attended.  The living is a
rectory, with that of Canteloffe annexed, in the gift of Gonville and
Caius College, Cambridge.  The present incumbent is the Rev. William
Reynolds Collett, M.A.  The Oak of Reformation, under which the two Ketts
and their associates took a solemn oath in 1549 to reform the abuses of
Church and State, is still to be seen on the road from Wymondham to
Hethersett.  The population is 1209.  John Henry Gurney, Esq., M.P., and
Henry Back, Esq., are the chief landowners.  The station is in
Ketteringham, about a mile distant.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Andrew, Rev. William Wayte, M.A., incumbent of Ketteringham, Wood hall
Back, Alfred, Esq.
Back, Henry, Esq.  Hethersett hall
Baker, Mr. Benjamin, Lynch green
Brown, The Misses
Collett, Rev. William Reynolds, M.A., Rectory
Cook, Mr. Thomas
Dickman, Mr. John
Langford, Capt. George
Norgate, Col. Charles

                               COMMERCIAL.

Bailey, Jonathan, boot and shoe maker
Bailey, Robert, bricklayer
Bale, Mrs. S., butcher and brickmaker
Barber, William, hairdresser
Buckingham, Nicholas, farmer
Buckingham, William, farmer
Bush, Robert, farmer, Dairy farm
Clarke, Mrs. Julia, shopkeeper
Clarke, Rowland, baker
Cunningham, W., boot and shoe maker
Curson, John, boot and shoe maker
Curson, John, builder and brickmaker
Eldridge, James, schoolmaster
Eldridge, Mrs. Maria, schoolmistress
Emms, Mrs. Mary, straw bonnet maker, Miller’s row
Fisk, Ed., saddler and harness maker
Ford, William, King’s Head
Fox, James, Greyhound
Harvey, J., agricultural machine maker
Herne, Thomas, blacksmith
Hickling, T., saddler and harness maker
Hood, John, jun., farmer
Howard, David, butcher
Ireland, Robert, carpenter, Lynch green

                                * * * * *

HOLVERSTONE, in Henstead hundred and union, 5 miles from Norwich,
contains 345 acres of land, which mostly belongs to the executors of the
late John Marcon, Esq., of Swaffham.  The church of St. Mary was
dilapidated some centuries ago, and no part of it now remains.  The
rectory is in three medieties, united to Rockland St. Marys, Bergh Apton,
and Hillington.  The population, in 1851, was 30.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Andrews, Jesse, farmer and poor’s rate collector, The Hall
Andrews, William, farmer
Sussams, Darius, market gardener

                                * * * * *

HORSFORD is a scattered village and parish, between 4 and 5 miles from
Norwich, belonging principally to Viscount Ranelagh, and Sir Thomas B.
Lennard, Bart., who is lord of the manor.  The population is about 700.
The living is a vicarage, held by the Rev. William Atthill M.A.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Armes, Mrs. Sarah
Atthill, Rev. William, M.A., Vicarage
Day, James, Esq.
Gill, John Brooke, Esq.
Mc’Donald, Mrs.
Sambourne, Miss

                               COMMERCIAL.

Andrews, Alfred, boot and shoe maker
Andrews, Robert, farmer
Armes, Mrs. Rachel, dressmaker
Armes, Robert, parish clerk
Baker, Charles, farmer
Baker, Henry, farm bailiff
Baker, John, farmer
Barrett, Mrs. Elizabeth, farmer
Barrett, Samuel, farmer
Blyth, Philip, farmer
Bowles, Benjamin Robert, farmer
Bunn, John, bricklayer
Bunn, Mrs. Sarah, farmer
Bunn, William, joiner
Canham, John, farmer and landowner
Chapman, James, beer retailer
Chubbock, Henry, Spotted Dog inn
Chubbock, Robert, butcher
Cole, James, The Crown inn
Crome, Samuel, farmer
French, Wallace, butcher and grocer
Frost, John, farmer
Greaves, Thomas and James, farmers
Greaves, John Snelling, farm bailiff
Greaves, William, farm bailiff
Harsent, Samuel, market gardener
Harvey, William, boot and shoe maker
Howe, William, bricklayer
Hutton, John and William, farmers
Lacy, Pamela, day school
Lacy, Virtue, dressmaker
March, James, farmer
March, Jeremiah, carpenter
Oliver, Mrs. Mary, beer retailer
Pratt, William, farmer
Punt, Abraham, farmer
Punt, Elijah, farmer
Pye, Theophilus, baker and shopkeeper
Reeve, Edmund, farmer
Rice, Richard, coachmaker
Springle, Elijah, bricklayer
Wade, John, blacksmith
Wade, Walter, shoemaker
Walker, Mrs. Elizabeth, shopkeeper
Williamson, Frederick, farmer
Williamson, Mrs. Martha, dressmaker
Wortley, Robert, farmer

                                * * * * *

HORSHAM ST. FAITH and NEWTON ST. FAITH are two villages forming one
parish, generally known as “St. Faith’s,” from 4 to 5 miles from Norwich,
in Taverham hundred.  There were, in 1851, 923 inhabitants in Horsham,
and 288 in Newton.  The parish comprises 2700 acres, belonging to several
proprietors, the largest of whom is Viscount Ranelagh, who is lord of the
manor and patron of the living, a perpetual curacy, held by the Rev.
William Atthill, M.A., of Horsford.  The Wesleyans have a chapel in each
village.

                            HORSHAM ST. FAITH.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENT.

Priestley, William Stanton, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Barker, Edmund, veterinary surgeon
Blyth, John, boot maker
Bridger, John, boot maker
Cable, Robert, King’s Head
Carman, Philip, farmer, and superintendent registrar
Cook, James, farmer
Cook, William Warner, farmer
Cooper, James, market gardener
Cox, Mrs. Charlotte Maria, schoolmistress to Union
Cox, William Salisbury, schoolmaster to Union
Dickerson, Mrs. Ann, matron of Union
Dickerson, James, master of Union
Eglinton, Richard, farmer and miller
Harper, Miss Elizabeth, shopkeeper
Leamon, Edmund, market gardener
Livock, Thomas, farmer
Lovick, John, beer retailer, and farmer
Lovick, Samuel, shopkeeper
Newton, William, boot maker
Norm, Mrs. Eve Elizabeth, market gardener, and beer retailer
Pearce, John, blacksmith
Priestley, William Stanton, surgeon
Randall, H., saddler and harness maker
Ryner, Allen, tailor
Reynolds, Edward, farmer, Elm farm
Reynolds, Jas., corn and seed merchant
Reynolds, Mrs. Kerenhappuch, farmer
Reynolds, Samuel, farmer
Rice, James, Black Swan, butcher and postmaster
Rice, James, jun., butcher and dealer
Richards, Robert, relieving officer, and registrar of births and deaths
Scarnett, John, farmer, builder, and registrar of marriages
Scarnett, John, junr., blacksmith and grocer
Scarnett, John, senr., carpenter
Turner, Edward, farmer
West, John, farmer
Webb, Benjamin, shopkeeper and basket maker
Woodcock, Samuel, The Crown
Yarrington, Henry, market gardener

                            NEWTON ST. FAITH.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Batley, Stephen, chair maker
Bullard, R., jun., shopkeeper and butcher
Bullard, Robert, senr., farmer
Cooper, John, shopkeeper
Newton, Richard, boot maker
Palmer, Benjamin, licensed hawker
Pointer, Edmund, The Crown
Pointer, George, shopkeeper
Reynolds, James, farmer
Reynolds, Joshua, farmer
Smith, John, shoemaker
Woodcock, Joseph, farmer
Woodcock, Mark, cattle dealer

                                * * * * *

INTWOOD, a small village, near Hethersett station, 3½ miles from Norwich,
containing upwards of 600 acres of land, all the property of Joseph
Salisbury Muskett, Esq., of Eaton.  The living is a rectory, consolidated
with that of Keswick, of the joint annual value of £350, in the gift of
J. S. Muskett, Esq.; the Rev. Edmund Saul Dixon is the incumbent, and the
Rev. William Cufaude Davie, M.A., of Cringleford, curate.  Hudson Gurney,
Esq., is lord of the manor.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENT.

Bacon, Richard, Noverre, Esq., Intwood hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Allden, William Spratt, farmer
Cannell, Henry, parish clerk

                                * * * * *

KESWICK, a small parish in Humbleyard hundred and Henstead union, 3 miles
from Norwich.  The population, in 1851, was 126.  The parish, which
contains 722 acres of land, belongs principally to Hudson Gurney, Esq.,
who is lord of the manor, and occupies the New hall.  Of the church
nothing remains but part of the round tower.  The rectory is consolidated
with that of Intwood.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Birkbeck, Mrs., Old Hall
Gurney, Hudson, Esq., New Hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Beezer, John, postmaster
Blomfield, Miles, miller
Edwards, T., farmer and land agent

                                * * * * *

KIRBY BEDON, in Henstead hundred, 3 miles from Norwich, contains 300
inhabitants and 1360 acres of land, belonging to the lords of the manor,
Sir H. J. Stracey, Bart., and Charles Lombe, Esq., and to Mrs. Woolsey.
The living is a rectory, annual value £200, with residence in the gift of
Henry Muskett, Esq., and is now held by the Rev. E. Day.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Day, Rev. Edward, A.B., Rectory
Harvey, William, Esq.
Woolsey, Mrs. Maria

                               COMMERCIAL.

Bird, William, farmer
Butcher, James, farm bailiff
Clare, Charles, farmer
Crowe, Charles Bunn, carpenter and wheelwright
Crowe, Simon R., carpenter and wheelwright
Horne, Robert, Stracey Arms
Mallett, James, parish clerk
Money, William F., farmer
Neave, Richard, shopkeeper and market gardener
Varvill, James, bricklayer
Varvill, James, sen., farmer

                                * * * * *

LITTLE MELTON, a scattered parish, with 379 inhabitants, principally
small farmers and agricultural labourers, is in Humbleyard hundred, and
Henstead union.  The lord of this manor is Charles Lombe, Esq.  The
living is a vicarage, of the annual value of £110, with residence, in the
patronage of Emanuel College, Cambridge; the incumbent is the Rev. John
Charles Barkley, M.A.  There is a village school for boys and girls,
supported by voluntary contributions.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENT.

Barkley, Rev. John Charles, M.A., incumbent, Parsonage

                               COMMERCIAL.

Aldred, Thomas Dove, farmer
Aves, John, farmer
Blyth, William, market gardener
Drane, William Tuttell, surveyor and valuer, and manufacturer of cattle
food, and at Norwich
Eden, Edmund, market gardener
Fisher, Thomas, farmer
Forster, Tho., parish clerk and farmer, Corporation farm
Fox, Edmund, plumber, painter and glazier
Girling, The Misses Elizabeth and Juliana, shopkeepers
Goward, Mary Ann, schoolmistress
Hipperson, S., bricklayer and farmer
Kemp, John, market gardener
Lovett, John, shopkeeper
Reynolds, Miss Maria, beer retailer and shopkeeper
Ringer, Daniel, farmer, Low common
Thompson, James, market gardener
Wright, Frederick, miller

                                * * * * *

MARKSHALL, or MATTISHALL HEATH, 2½ miles from Norwich, contains but 4
houses and 26 inhabitants.  The land belongs chiefly to Mrs. H. Dashwood,
of Caistor St. Edmund, with which, the church having been desecrated, the
parish has long been consolidated in ecclesiastical matters.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENT.

Gillett, Mrs.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Gillett, Thomas, farmer

                                * * * * *

MULBARTON, in Humbleyard hundred, and Henstead union, 5 miles from
Norwich, contains 587 inhabitants, and 1350 acres of land.  The living is
a rectory, with that of Kenningham annexed, joint annual value £606, in
the gift of the Rev. J. H. Steward, and the Rev. Richard Gay Lucas, B.A.,
the incumbent.  The Rev. J. H. Steward, M.A., and Sir William Bellairs,
Knt., are the chief landowners; the former being lord of the manor.
There is a school on the National system.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Bellairs, Capt. Edmund Hook Wilson, Mulbarton lodge
Lucas, Rev. Richard Gay, B.A., J.P., Rectory
Squires, Mr. Paul

                               COMMERCIAL.

Banham, Joshua, carpenter
Barrell, Mrs. Charlotte, shopkeeper
Barrell, William, miller
Blake, John, butcher
Blake, Robert, butcher and farmer
Blomfield, Dennis, miller
Catchpole, John, boot and shoe maker
Fiddymont, Samuel, farmer
Forster, Charles, farmer
Francis, George, plumber, painter and glazier
Girling, Robert, pork butcher
King, Randall, farmer
Lain, John, farmer
Mitchell, Mrs. Mary Ann, shopkeeper
Rice, James, blacksmith
Petchell, Mark Bean, boys’ school, and registrar of births and deaths
Rice, John, baker
Rice, R., beer retailer and wheelwright
Spratt, Andrew, parish clerk
Todd, Miss Harriett, shopkeeper and postmistress
Todd, William, World’s End inn, and collector of taxes
Turner, James, landowner, farming his own land
Turner, John, farmer
Youngman, Miss Fanny, schoolmistress

                                * * * * *

NEWTON ST. FAITH—see Horsham St. Faith.

                                * * * * *

PLUMSTEAD (GREAT), a small parish in Blofield hundred, distant from
Norwich 5 miles.  The population, in 1851, was 359.  The living is a
perpetual curacy, annual value £100, in the gift of the Dean and Chapter
of Norwich; the incumbent is the Rev. Edward Cole, M.A.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Campbell, Alexander, F., Esq.
Cole, Rev. Edward, M.A.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Barker, Peter, farmer
Browne, Robert, farmer
Crow, Frederick, carpenter
Forster, Francis, farmer
George, William, wheelwright
Goose, William, farmer
Gosling, John, farmer
Lond, John, shoemaker
Maidstone, R., parish clerk, and postmaster
Newman, Robert, farmer
Pyle, Henry, Hare inn
Scott, Jonathan, farmer
Simmons, Francis, shoemaker
Sutton, Francis, blacksmith
Tills, John, farmer

                                * * * * *

PLUMSTEAD (LITTLE), in Blofield hundred, distant 5 miles from Norwich,
contains about 300 inhabitants.  The living is a rectory, and the Rev.
John Leatherdale is the incumbent.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Gaze, Mr. Charles
Leatherdale, Rev. John
Moss, Charles

                               COMMERCIAL.

Boast, Moses, farmer
Boughton, John, farmer
Bunn, Samuel, Bookmakers’ Arms
Chamberlain, Charles, shoemaker
Crow, Robert, farmer
Dye, George, farmer
Harmer, William, carpenter
Nicholls, Fitt, carpenter and wheelwright
Read, Clare Sewell, farmer
Stevens, William John, farmer

                                * * * * *

POSTWICK, a small village in Blofield hundred, 2 miles from Brundall
station, and 4 from Norwich, contains 271 inhabitants.  The Earl of
Rosebery is lord of the manor and patron of the benefice.  The living is
a rectory, held by the Rev. Charles Ford, M.A., who resides here.  The
whole parish belongs to the Earl of Rosebery, except the detached
marshes.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Ford, Rev. Charles, M.A., Rectory
Gostling, Mrs. Ann

                               COMMERCIAL.

Attoe, G., wheelwright and postmaster
Attoe, Miss Mary, mistress of National school
Edwards, James, shopkeeper
Gillett, Cyrus, farmer, Hall
Goose, William Norman, farmer
Hood, Peter, blacksmith
Parker, James, farmer
Parker, John William, farmer
Pummell, James, parish clerk
Seeley, John, farmer

                                * * * * *

RACKHEATH, in the Taverham hundred, 4½ miles from Norwich, has a
population of nearly 200 inhabitants, and 2000 acres of land.  Sir H. J.
Stracey, Bart., who resides at the Hall, is lord of the manor and patron
of the living.  There is a village school supported by Sir H. J. Stracey.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Hodgson, Rev. Frederick, M.A., rectory
Stracey, Sir Henry, Bart., the Hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Barnes, George, farmer
Clarke, John, Green Man
Forder, Joseph, blacksmith
Gillingwater, Edward, farmer
Kemp, William, farmer
Jones, Mrs. Catherine, mistress of free school
Utting, Henry, farmer
Watts, Robert, farmer

                                * * * * *

SHOTTESHAM ALL SAINTS, or HIGH SHOTTESHAM, a village 2 miles from
Swainsthorpe station, and 6 from Norwich, is in Henstead hundred and
union.  The area of the parish is 1591 acres, nearly all of which belong
to Robert Fellowes, Esq., the lord of the manor and patron of the
vicarage, to which those of Shottesham St. Mary, St. Botolph, and the
rectory of St. Martin, are annexed.  The Rev. Charles Fellowes, M.A., is
the present incumbent.  The two parishes have the privilege of sending
eight poor people to the East Greenwich Hospital.  There is a school in
the parish, supported by R. Fellowes, Esq., and the Rev. C. Fellowes.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Fellowes, Rev. Charles, M.A., vicar, Vicarage
Merry, Francis William, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Barnes, William, pork butcher
Baxter, Robert, market gardener
Baxter, Thomas, farmer
Boyce, Francis, maltster and farmer
Burgess, Thomas, farmer
Burgess, Thomas, jun., farmer
Cutts, William, Duke’s Head inn, and blacksmith
Cutts, William and Co., artificial manure manufacturers
Godfrey, Thomas, farmer
Gooch, James, shopkeeper, agent for British Economical manure, and
postmaster
Harvey, Mrs. Maria, shopkeeper
Herne, Miss Mercy, shopkeeper
Huggins, Thomas, farmer
Huggins, William, farmer
King, G., Crown, and market gardener
Martins, Charles, shoemaker and carrier
Merry, Francis William, surgeon
Mitchell, John, shopkeeper
Nicholls, Mrs. Anderlinda, milliner and dressmaker
Parfitt, Robert, butcher; and at Brooke
Purday, H., tailor and woollen draper
Riches, G., shoemaker and parish clerk
Riches, Jeremiah, beer retailer and market gardener
Sayer, James, rat destroyer
Tyrell, Abraham, butcher
White, T., carpenter and wheelwright
White, Mrs. M. A., parish schoolmistress
Whiting, Samuel, shoemaker
Wilson, Philip, shopkeeper
Winter, John, farmer, and poor’s rate collector

                                * * * * *

SHOTTESHAM ST. MARY, or LOW SHOTTESHAM, comprises the parishes of St.
Mary, St. Martin, and St. Botolph, and is situated 5 miles from Norwich,
in Henstead hundred and union.  The parish contained, in 1851, a
population of 352.  The church of St. Mary is a small edifice, in good
condition; but St. Martin’s and St. Botolph’s have been in ruins for
several centuries.  Their benefices, with the rectory of St. Martin, were
consolidated with Shottesham All Saints soon after the Reformation.
Charles Fellowes, M.A., is the incumbent.  Shottesham Park is the seat of
Robert Fellowes, Esq., who is lord of the manor.  A small school was
established in 1852, by Mrs. Fellowes, the average attendance at which is
52.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENT.

Fellowes, Robert, Esq., Shottesham park

                               COMMERCIAL.

Boyce, F., plumber, painter and glazier
Brighton, Henry, machine thrasher
Grice, Saul, farmer
Lee, Walter, farmer
Martin, J., shoemaker and shopkeeper
Miles, John Wakelin, corn miller, merchant, and farmer
Raven, William Beverley, farmer
Sayer, Mrs. Mary, farmer
Smart, — land agent
Warmoll, John, farmer
Welley, Mrs. Mary, mistress of parish school

                                * * * * *

SPIXWORTH, in Taverham hundred, 4 miles north of Norwich, contains about
2000 acres of land, and in 1851, the population was 41.  The church of
St. Peter, a neat building, with chancel, one aisle, and small tower,
contains a large handsome monument to the memory of the Pecks, and
several to the Longes and others.  The living is a rectory, annual value
£362, with residence, in the gift of John Longe, Esq., and held by the
Rev. Henry Howes, M.A.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Howes, Rev. Henry, M.A., Parsonage
Longe, John, Esq., The Hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Eaton, George, farmer
Graver, William, blacksmith
Holmes, Benjamin, farmer
Porter, Mrs. Jane, farmer, The Grange

                                * * * * *

SPROWSTON is an extensive village in the Taverham hundred, 3 miles from
Norwich, with a population of upwards of 1300.  The living is a curacy,
in the gift of the Dean and Chapter of Norwich, and the present incumbent
is the Rev. H. Banfather.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Aldridge, John
Anderson, William
Banfather, Rev. Henry, B.D.
Chambers, John William, Esq.
Cobb, Mrs.
Gale, Mr. William
Harman, Leonard
Hastings, Edmund, Esq.
Kitton, John, Esq.
Loose, Charles, Esq.
Massingham, Henry Alpe, Esq.
Pratt, William, Esq.
Riches, Robert, Esq.
Rushmare, William, Esq.
Slade, Daniel Davis, Esq.
Stewart, Isaac, Esq.
Stracey, Edward, The Lodge

                               COMMERCIAL.

Andrews, F., blacksmith, wheelwright, carpenter, and postmaster
Atkinson, Robert, farmer
Austin, Edward, wind saw mills
Bacon, C., brickmaker, steam sawing mills, and farmer
Bacon, Thomas, market gardener
Barker, John, market gardener
Barnes, George, farmer
Blake, Benjamin, butcher
Blake, George, brickmaker
Bond, Henry, miller
Browne, David, seedsman and florist
Burrows, John, baker and grocer
Burrows, P., Norfolk and Norwich Arms
Burrows, Thomas, yeoman, The Ship
Catton, Richard, market gardener
Chambers, John William, farmer
Chilvers, John, blacksmith
Crumpton, William, farmer
Cutler, John, market gardener
Durrant, William, relieving officer, and registrar of births and deaths
Easton, Isaac, baker
Edwards, William, lime burner
Edwards, T., lime burner and postmaster
Edwards, Thomas P., agent to the British Life Insurance Society
Everett, John, steward to Col. Stracey
Fitt, John, market gardener
Fox, John, carpenter
Gale, Mrs. Miriam, midwife
George, George, butcher
Gilbert, James, plumber and glazier
Goodson, Henry, hurdle maker
Harrison, Edmund, farmer
Hudson, Charles, beer retailer
Jarmy, Thomas, brickmaker
Lloyd, Mrs. Hannah, farmer
Ludkins, David, farmer
Ludkins, Richard, farmer
Olyott, Thomas, Blue Boar and farrier
Pearce, Miss Ann, straw bonnet maker
Peart, William, tailor
Perowne, Miss Mary Ann, farmer, Denmark farm
Poll, David, brickmaker
Read, John, steward to Mr. Kitton
Robertson, George, flour miller
Rolfe, Matthew, shoemaker
Sidney, Mrs. Emily, shopkeeper
Sursham, Miss Susan, shopkeeper
Tooley, Jeremiah, cow keeper
Walker, Thomas, baker
Wiley, Jeremiah Cozens, farmer, Oak lodge
Yallop, William, farmer

                                * * * * *

ST. FAITH’S—see Horsham St. Faith.

                                * * * * *

STOKE HOLY CROSS, 2 miles from Swainsthorpe station and 5 from Norwich,
in Henstead hundred and union, contained, in 1851, 451 inhabitants.  The
land belongs chiefly to Sir R. J. Harvey, Knt., H. Birkbeck, and R. K.
Long, Esqrs.  The living is a vicarage, in the gift of the Dean and
Chapter of Norwich, now held by the Rev. John Bailey, A.M.  There is a
small Baptist chapel, built by Messrs. Colman; and a weekday and Sunday
school, supported by Mrs. Birkbeck and the Vicar.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Bailey, Rev. John, M.A., vicar, surrogate and chaplain to Henstead union
Birkbeck, Henry, Esq., The Hall
Cremer, Mr. Charles
Miles, The Misses

                               COMMERCIAL.

Barnes, Fiddy, parish clerk
Bush, Mrs. Mary Ann, lime burner
Castleton, Elijah, farmer
Claxton, William, farmer
Colman, Henry, manager at Messrs. J. and J. Colman’s mustard and starch
manufactory
Dix, Joshua, farmer
Drake, John, farmer
Dunt, Robert, blacksmith
Gunn, Daniel, farmer
Hazell, William, Rummer inn
Hearne, Matthew, farmer
Horne, W., shopkeeper, and postmaster
Lincoln, Robert, bricklayer
Lincoln, Robert, jun., bricklayer
Pearce, Joshua, The Lion
Seago, Jeremiah, farmer
Tillett, John, farmer
Webster, David, farmer
Westrup, Philip, farmer

                                * * * * *

SWARDESTON, in Humbleyard hundred and Henstead union, near the
Swainsthorpe station, and 4 miles from Norwich, contains 950 acres of
land, and, in 1851, a population of 381.  The living is a vicarage; the
Rev. John Henry Steward, M.A., of East Carleton, is patron and incumbent,
and the Rev. Henry Steward, B.A., curate.  There is a chapel for the
Wesleyans; and a village school for boys and girls, under the
superintendence of the clergy.  The Rev. J. H. Steward, M.A., and Robert
Palmer Kemp, Esq., of Coltishall, are the chief landowners.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Featherston, Thomas, Esq., Rectory
Steward, Rev. Henry, B.A., curate
Wenn, Rev. James William, M.A., curate of Dunston, Mangreen hall

                               COMMERCIAL.

Arundell, Samuel, cooper
Barrett, Mrs. Elizabeth, shopkeeper
Barrett, William, thatcher
Bayley, Edward, farmer
Bond, Robert, farmer
Brown, James Smith, shopkeeper
Brown, Robert, bricklayer
Cannell, Henry, market gardener
Cunningham, William, butcher
Davy, Barnard, blacksmith
Dye, John, parish clerk and vermin destroyer
Fairman, Samuel, bricklayer
Hall, James, jun., farmer, the Common
Hall, James, sen., wheelwright
Hemnell, Paul, postmaster, and boot and shoe maker
Hubbard, John, farmer
King, Robert, butcher and farmer
Parr, Ezra, relieving officer
Raven, Benjamin, farmer, Mangreen
Smith, Isaac, market gardener
Thrower, Mrs. Mary, schoolmistress
Turner, Edward, Dog inn
Twiss, Christopher, farmer, the Hall
Whittaker, Charles, market gardener

                                * * * * *

THORPE, next Norwich, or THORPE ST. ANDREW, is 2 miles from Norwich, in
Blofield hundred, and has about 1000 inhabitants.  The Norfolk County
Lunatic Asylum is situated here.  The living is a rectory, in the gift of
the Rev. Armine Herring, who is the incumbent.  There is an Independent
chapel in connection with the Rev. J. Alexander’s, Norwich.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Allen, Joseph Howes, Esq.
Bacon, Miss
Batley, Mrs. Susan
Birkbeck, William, Esq.
Blackiston, Mrs.
Bolingbroke, Frederick A., Esq.
Brightwen, John, Esq.
Browne, David
Clabburn, Thomas, Esq.
Clabburn, William, Esq.
Clarke, Mrs.
Clayton, Miss
Clear, James, Esq.
Davey, Joseph, Esq.
Foster, Charles, Esq.
Frost, Rev. William, M.A.
Gurney, Charles, Esq.
Gurney, Francis Hay, Esq.
Herring, Rev. Armine, M.A.
Jecks, Charles, Esq.
Jecks, William, Esq.
Johnson, The Misses
Kendle, The Misses
King, Capt. Robert
Postle, The Misses
Rowling, Nathan S., Esq.
Savage, Mr. John
Upcroft, Mrs.
Wells, Robert, Esq.
Weston, Charles, Esq.

                               COMMERCIAL.

Albin, Daniel, farmer
Albin, Samuel, farmer
Bracey, Frederick, boot and shoe maker
Bracey, Robert, baker, grocer, butcher, and lime burner
Bright, John, Red Lion, and farmer
Bright, Zachariah, Hero of the Redan
Burton, T., grocer and corn chandler
Casson, Edward, surgeon at the Asylum
Cattermole, Mrs., Three Tuns tavern
Dabson, Miss J., mistress of Free school
Dale, James, market gardener
Dowland, John, King’s Head tavern
Drew, John, bowl turner
Fearnley, Joseph, grocer
Firman, Robert, carpenter
Gaff, Robert, master of Free school
Hardy, John, bricklayer
Lacey, John, commercial traveller
Martin, William, blacksmith
Owen, Ebenezer, superintendent of County Lunatic Asylum
Owen, Mrs. E., matron of County Lunatic Asylum
Rayner, John, gardener
Rodwell, E., lodging-house keeper
Rose, Miss Ann, grocer
Sabberton, Thomas, engineer, general smith, and coal merchant
Shardelow, Benjamin, plumber, glazier, and painter
Smith, John, The Buck
Southgate, Henry, The Griffin
Starling, Samuel, farmer
Todd, Daniel, sub-postmaster
Weeds, F., parish clerk and shoemaker
Whitaker, S., farmer and brick maker
White, William, gardener

                                * * * * *

TROWSE NEWTON, one mile from Norwich, contained in 1851, a population of
639; but the entire parish, which extends into the county of the city of
Norwich, had as many as 1363 inhabitants.  The principal owners of the
land are the Rev. F. Money, the Great Hospital, and the Dean and Chapter
of Norwich; the last of whom are lords of the manor, impropriators of the
great tithes, and patrons of the vicarage.  The Rev. George Carter, M.A.,
of Norwich, is the incumbent.

                            PRIVATE RESIDENTS.

Money, Rev. Frederick, Crown Point
Sparks, Alfred, the Lodge

                               COMMERCIAL.

Aldis, Jonathan, shoemaker
Alborough, Thomas, farmer
Betts, Samuel, butcher
Browne, Thomas, Trowse Eye inn
Bullard, Maria, shopkeeper
Cannel, James, market gardener
Daniels, Robert, blacksmith
Denny, Thomas, butcher
Digby, Robert, the White House inn
Finch, John, wheelwright
Fox, Henry, the Lime Kiln inn
Gowing, George, farmer
Grief, James, the White Horse inn
Grief, Jonathan, butcher
Harris, Robert, market gardener
Howlett, Robert, bricklayer
Jacobs, William, butcher
Middleton, Alfred, carpenter
Murrell, George, Crown Point tavern
Newman, George, manure manufacturer
Plant, James, farmer
Proudfoot, E. and Ann, shopkeepers
Read, T. W. and Co., merchants and millers
Spence, Jonathan, carpenter
Stageman, Susanna, National school
Thurlow, John, shopkeeper
Tomkins, Emma Jane, British school
Turner, John, farmer
Varvel, James, lime burner
Youngs, William, Carpenters’ Arms inn

                                * * * * *

WHITLINGHAM is a small parish, 3 miles from Norwich.  The land, 535
acres, belongs to Charles Lombe, Esq., lord of the manor, impropriator of
the tithes, and patron of the sinecure curacy.  Whitlingham White House,
which is situate in Trowse Newton, is a favorite resort of pleasure
parties.

Taylor, Samuel, farmer
Ward, William, farm bailiff




ADVERTISEMENTS.


_The following articles adapted for Presents_, _or for the Library and
Office_, _in most instances manufactured expressly for_ JARROLD AND SONS,
_are displayed in Show Rooms_, _and will be found much under the charges
of the London Advertizing houses_.

                              Writing Desks

  In Mahogany, Rosewood, Ebony, Walnut, and other Woods, in a Variety of
                        Sizes.  From 4s. to £6 6s.

                          Leather Writing Cases

   Fitted with Paper, Envelopes, Ink Glass, &c.  From 1s. 9d. to £3 3s.

                        Portable Travelling Desks

                       In Leather.  From 6s. to £5.

                             Despatch Boxes,

         Bramah Locks, in Russia or Morocco, with Leather Covers

                           Stationery Cabinets

 For the Library, Office, &c., in Various Woods.  From 3s. 6d. to £3 3s.

                  Ladies’ or Gentlemen’s Dressing Cases

 In Rosewood or Coromandel Wood, with Bottles, Trays, &c.  Price from 6s.
                                to £5 5s.

                  Ladies’ and Gentlemen’s Dressing Cases

    In Leather, Fitted with every Requisite.  Price from 6s. to £3 3s.

                            Ladies’ Work Boxes

  In Rosewood, Ebony, Coromandel Wood, &c., a very Extensive Assortment.
                          From 1s. 6d. to £3 3s.

                    Mordan’s Improved Postage Scales.

                                Inkstands

In Papier Machie, Oak, Black Wood, &c., in great Variety.  From 1s. to £3
                                   10s.

                   Ladies’ Carriage Bags and Reticules

                   In Leather.  From 1s. 6d. to £3 3s.

                                * * * * *



TO VISITORS


                THE GUIDE TO NORWICH & ITS NEIGHBOURHOOD.

             _With Steel and Wood Engravings_.  _Price_ 1_s._

                  THE VISITOR’S GUIDE IN A DAY’S RAMBLE
                     THROUGH NORWICH.  _Price_ 1_d._

                                * * * * *

                       TEN BEAUTIFULLY LITHOGRAPHED
                            VIEWS IN NORWICH.
                            ONE SHILLING EACH.

1.  A General View of the City, taken from Mousehold (Silver Hill, St.
James’).

2.  A Picturesque View of the City, taken from Mr. Jarrold’s Garden,
Thorpe Road.

3.  The Cathedral, North-west View.

4.  The Castle.

5.  The Castle and part of the Market-place, from the Guildhall.

6.  The Railway Station and Foundry Bridge.

7.  Sandling’s Ferry, Lower Close.

8.  Gate-House to the Bishop’s Palace, from St. Martin’s Palace Plain.

9.  A View of Thorpe, Norwich.

10.  A View of the Market-Place, from the Gaslight Corner.

               TWELVE VIEWS IN NORWICH, ENGRAVED ON STEEL,
                            FOR ONE SHILLING.

                                * * * * *

                            THE NORWICH ROSE.

            Twenty-Eight beautifully Engraved Views in Norwich
                 and its Vicinity, in the form of a Rose.

              PRICE ONE SHILLING.  FREE FOR THIRTEEN STAMPS.

                                * * * * *

            LONDON: JARROLD & SONS, 47, ST. PAUL’S CHURCHYARD.

                                * * * * *



To Professional & Amateur
PHOTOGRAPHERS.


                                * * * * *

                         MESSRS. ROGERS & HAVERS,
                         5, Davey Place, Norwich,

Have in stock everything that a Photographer, whether professional or
amateur, can possibly require for the successful prosecution of his art.

                 PRICES VERY LOW, & TERMS STRICTLY CASH.

All orders punctually despatched, and information readily afforded to all
purchasers of goods.

         _N.B._  _Track Price Lists free to Professionals only_.

                                * * * * *



THE BEST PORTRAITS IN THE
EASTERN COUNTIES.


                                * * * * *

                         Messrs. Rogers & Havers,
                             5, DAVEY PLACE,
                                 NORWICH.

Have constructed a large, comfortable, and well-lighted studio, in which
Portraits are taken daily, from 10 till dusk, in all the best and most
approved styles, on glass, leather, paper, &c., at reasonable prices.
_For beauty and durability these pictures are no where excelled_.

             Paper Pictures finished in Sepia, Water Colours,
                     and Oil, by First-Class Artists.

               VIEWS TAKEN TO ORDER IN THE CITY OR COUNTY.

                       Faded Daguerreotypes Copied.

Having devoted great care and attention to this very difficult work,
Messrs. ROGERS & HAVERS beg to assure the public that they can now insure
enlarged and very accurate likenesses, beautifully finished, from spotted
and fading daguerreotypes.

                    Stereoscopes & Stereoscopic Views,

And a large assortment of Copies of the Works of the Great Masters, very
cheap, constantly on sale.

                         5, DAVEY PLACE, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

                   [Picture: Norgate & Co.’s premises]



NORGATE & CO.,
ST. STEPHEN’S STREET,
NORWICH,


                           DIRECT IMPORTERS OF

                      Wines, Spirits, and Liqueurs,

                   AGENTS FOR COMBE, DELAFIELD, & CO.’S

                           LONDON STOUT PORTER.

                  Guinness’s Extra Stout Dublin Porter,

                               BASS & CO.’S

                   EAST INDIA PALE & OTHER BURTON ALES

                    AITCHISON & CO.’S EDINBORO’ ALES.

_On comparing their prices with those of Wine Merchants in general_, _it
will be observed that a much lower scale is adopted_; _this advantage to
buyers is effected by Norgate and Co.’s direct importation of Wines and
Spirits from the country of their growth_, (_preventing an intermediate
profit and enabling them to select the very choicest Wines_); _and by
their immense saving in the non-employment of Travelling Salesmen_.

                                * * * * *

           Sole Agents for Norfolk and Norwich for the Sale of
                        Thorley’s Food for Cattle.

                                * * * * *



HOLMES AND SONS,
PROSPECT-PLACE WORKS, NORWICH,
Agricultural Engineers, Millwrights,


                AND MANUFACTURERS OF ALL THE MOST APPROVED
                  IMPLEMENTS FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES,

WOULD invite attention to the position they have taken for superiority in
Seed Drills, Manure Distributors, &c., &c. at the Royal, the Bath and
West of England, and the Norfolk Agricultural Societies’ Meetings, where
they had awarded them the THREE FIRST PRIZES for the best Corn and Seed
Drill; the THREE PRIZES for Manure Distributor; PRIZE for Seed and Manure
Drill; and HIGH COMMENDATIONS for their General Purpose Drills, Ridge
Drill, Horse Hoes, Circular Saw Bench, &c.

[Picture: Holmes and Sons’ Salisbury first prize drill] SALISBURY
FIRST PRIZE DRILL.

H. & SONS have been engaged in the manufacture of Drills for the past 32
years, during which time every useful and practical improvement which has
suggested itself has been introduced into their manufacture, adapting
them to every description of soil, simplifying the different parts,
decreasing the cost both in first price, and also in those parts subject
to wear or derangement.

 _Royal Agricultural Society of England_—_Salisbury Meeting_, 1857.  _The
 following_ _Prizes were awarded to Holmes & Sons at the last competition
                               for Prizes_—

For the best Corn and Seed Drill    First Prize of £7
For their best Manure Distributor   Prize of £5

_Also at the Bath & West of England Agricultural Society’s Meeting_, _at
Newton_, _June_, 1857

For the best Manure Distributor                    The First Prize
For the best Corn and Seed Drill                   The First Prize
For the best Corn and Seed Drill in Hilly          The First Prize
Districts
For their Seed and Manure Drill                    The First Prize
 Being the fifth year this Drill has taken the Prize of this Society.

 _Also at the Norfolk Agricultural Show_, _Swaffham_, _June_, 1857, _H. &
    Sons’ Improved Manure Distributor proved the best Machine for that
                 purpose_, _and had the Society’s Prize_.

    Their improved STEAM ENGINES, Portable and Fixed, for durability,
 efficiency, strength, and small consumption of coal, are not equalled by
                         any other manufacturers.

Fixed Engines of all sizes, and Steam Mills fitted up complete, of the
most approved arrangement and best construction, whereby considerable
saving of fuel is effected, and durability and efficiency increased.
Twelve-Horse Engines doing full duty, with from six to seven cwts. of
Coal per day.

The COMBINED PORTABLE THRASHING MACHINE has had much of their attention
since being awarded the First Prize Medal for Thrashing Machines at the
Great Exhibition, 1851, and they can confidently guarantee them to be the
simplest and most expeditious, making the most perfect separation of
Corn, Chaff, Colder, and Straw, each being delivered at the most
convenient places to take away.  They are extremely portable and durable;
and are mounted on high wooden carriage wheels.

They would also call attention to their PRIZE CLOVER SHELLER, also
adapted for Trefoil; and their WINNOWING and DRESSING MACHINES, of which
more than 3,000 have been sent out; their CIRCULAR SAW TABLES, of
improved construction; and other improved implements, which, with prices,
will be found in Catalogues, sent free by post on application.

H. & SONS, in soliciting a continuance of an extended patronage, beg to
state that they have now every facility for executing orders with
dispatch, and by the use of the best mechanical tools, in the very best
style of workmanship.  The greatest care and attention will continue to
be used by them in the selection of the very best description of
material, and they feel confident their present success is attributable
to their attention to this most important point.

                                * * * * *

                   [Picture: Mechanical sawing machine]

                                AS AT WORK
  At the Norfolk Agricultural Society’s Meeting at Swaffham, June, 1857;
                             HOLMES AND SONS’
Improved Self-Acting Circular Saw Table was the only one Commended by the
                                 Judges.
             At Norwich, 1858, it was also Highly Commended.

                                * * * * *

These Portable Machines consist of a strong iron frame capable of taking
a 48-inch saw, firmly fixed to strong timber rails; can be unloaded and
put to work as quickly as a Portable Thrashing Machine; require no
fixing, the whole being placed on one frame with timber carriages, &c.
attached.  The motion for drawing the timber to or from the saw is by
gear wheels, and can be varied as required; this arrangement is
exceedingly simple, very strong and durable, and can be relied upon
better than when driven by a strap and cone pulleys; it has an improved
parallel fence which cannot move otherwise than parallel with the saw.

These will be found the most simple and complete saw tables manufactured,
and of the very best workmanship.  Can be driven by the portable engines
of 7 or 8-horse power.

Illustrated Catalogues, with Prices, &c. sent Free by Post on application
                              at the Works.

                                * * * * *



LLOYD & CO.,
LADIES’ & GENTLEMEN’S
Fashionable
BOOT & SHOE
MANUFACTURERS,
20 & 21,
DAVEY PLACE,
NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

A Genuine Assortment of Ladies’, Gentlemen’s and Children’s Home-made
Boots and Shoes of the most approved kind always in Stock.

                                * * * * *

                          India Rubber Overshoes
                          OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

                                * * * * *



ESTABLISHED 1845.


                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                           GEORGE S. BARDWELL’S

                                 GENERAL

                    Business & Estate Agency Offices,

                (Opposite the Norfolk & Norwich Hospital)

                           ST. STEPHEN’S ROAD,
                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

Rents and Debts Collected.  House Property Managed either on Commission
or otherwise.  Repairs Superintended or Executed if required.  Books
Posted, Balanced, and Arranged.  States of Affairs Prepared.  Meetings of
Creditors called and attended.  Settlements with Creditors carried
through, and parties instructed as to the State of their Affairs.

                            MONEY ADVANCED ON
                            OUTSTANDING DEBTS.

              Terms for Collecting Small Debts, 10 per cent.

        _Special agreements made for Debts exceeding Five Pounds_.

                           RENTS—FIVE PER CENT.

                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                              AGENT FOR THE
                      ST. GEORGE ASSURANCE COMPANY.

Loans on real or personal security, re-payable by monthly or quarterly
instalments, from one to five years, may readily be obtained on
application.

  £80,000 _has been afforded in Loans of from_ £30 _to_ £1000, _in less
    than five years_, _in connection with the St. George Advance Fund
                               Association_

               PUBLISHER OF THE NORWICH HOUSEHOLD ALMANACK.

                                * * * * *



THE PATENT SELF-SHARPENING
PORTABLE
AMERICAN GRIST MILL,


               [Picture: The portable American grist mill]

Now for the first time introduced to the notice of British
Agriculturists, is the most SIMPLE and EFFICIENT Grinding Mill ever
brought out for Farmers’ Purposes; its extreme SIMPLICITY, portability,
and cheapness, gives it a decided advantage over the ponderous machines
now used for similar purposes.  It will grind all kinds of Grain nearly
THREE TIMES as fast with the SAME power that ordinary mill-stones will.
The Grinding Surfaces are very durable; being made of COLD BLAST WHITE
IRON (a material harder than cast steel), they are easily and cheaply
re-placed when worn or broken.

                 CAN BE WORKED BY HORSE, STEAM, OR WIND.

  No. 2 Mill, with 2 to 3-Horse Power, will grind 6 to 10 Bushels per
  hour

  No. 3 „ „ 4 to 6 „ „ 20 to 25 „ „

      _Full particulars_, _with prices_ (_free_) _on application to_

                        Howard, Riches, and Watts,
                    DUKE’S PALACE IRON WORKS, NORWICH.

                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

            SOLE MAKERS FOR THIS COUNTRY.—N.B. AGENTS WANTED.

                                * * * * *

[Picture: Decorative graphic with text—The Palma Christi hair wash is now
  selling largely throughout England, being preferred to all others.  It
 removes scurf, keeps the head cool, & prevents greyness.  Pomade or oil
 is not required when the wash is used as it does not suffer the hair to
 become dry.  Manufactured only by Harper & Sutton Norwich.  Sold by all
                          chemists & perfumers]

             in bottles, 1s. 6d., 3s. 6d., and 10s. 6d. each.

   Numerous Testimonials have already been received by the Proprietors,

    _As to its efficacy in removing Scurf and preventing the Hair from
                              falling off_.

    Sold in Yarmouth by Mr. J. S. Cobb—Lowestoft, Mr. Dennes—Beccles,
     Mr. J. B. Corbyn—Dereham, Mr. F. J. Smith—Ely, Mr. N. Lincolne.

 _Sold in London by Messrs. Barclay_, _Edwards_, _Sanger_, _Sutton_, _and
                          Newbery_; _Liverpool_,
    _Aspinall & Son_: _and can be obtained by order of any Druggist or
                                Perfumer_.

                                * * * * *



MR. F. SUTTON,
ANALYTICAL CHEMIST
(Harper & Sutton, Bank Plain, Norwich)


                           BEGS TO ANNOUNCE TO
              FARMERS, MERCHANTS, AND MANURE MANUFACTURERS,
                          THAT HE UNDERTAKES THE

            Analysis of Manures, Soils, Oil Cakes, Coprolite,

 _And the Miscellaneous Articles used in Agriculture_, _the Arts_, _&c._

                                * * * * *

Having for many years studied Practical Chemistry, and received
instruction in the Laboratory of Dr. Richardson, from Professor Liebig’s,
he solicits the confidence of the Agricultural and Commercial Public,
assuring them that a conscientious regard to accuracy, coupled with
reasonable charges, shall always be maintained in all matters committed
to him.

                                * * * * *

      _List of Fees may be had on application to HARPER AND SUTTON_,
              _Chemists_, _Gurney’s Bank Plain_, _Norwich_.

                                * * * * *



T. DIXON,
WATCH MAKER, &c.
6, Bridewell Alley, Norwich,


Wishes to direct public attention to his large Stock of Gold and Silver
Watches, which he is enabled to offer at the Lowest Prices, consistent
with good quality; observing that each Watch before being placed in the
purchaser’s hands, is skilfully examined and timed, so that its accurate
performance is warranted.

    Gold Watches, elegant in appearance, and such as can be warranted
                    to perform correctly, from £5 5s.

                  The same in Silver Cases, from £2 10s.

      Gold Lever Watches, from £10 10s.  Silver Levers, from £4 4s.

English and Geneva Watches and Clocks of every description Cleaned and
Repaired: on this point remarking that the skill with which a watch is
cleaned or repaired is almost of as much importance as its quality; the
best watch cleaned by a clumsy workman will never go well.  There are
more watches spoiled by incompetent persons, than are actually worn out
by ordinary use.  T. DIXON solicits the patronage of all who are desirous
of having their WATCHES MADE TIMEKEEPERS, which, from the fact of
employing none but skilful workmen, he is in a position to guarantee.
All Watches repaired at the above Establishment are warranted for Twelve
Months, and no charge is made for any alteration that may be required
during that period.

        Plate & Jewellery Carefully Repaired at Reasonable Prices.

                                * * * * *

       [Picture: Pair of glasses with Dixon Optician on the lenses]



T. DIXON, OPTICIAN, ETC.
6, BRIDEWELL ALLEY, NORWICH,


From extensive experience, is enabled in all cases of impaired vision,
arising from premature decay, or excessive use of the visual organs, to
suit, upon correct principles, at a moderate cost, every description of
sight with Spectacles and Eye Glasses, upon the most improved Structure.

                                 PRICES.

                         _s._    _d._            _s._    _d._
In Blue Steel Frames        2       0    to        10       0
„ „ Pebbles                 8       6    to        15       0
Silver ditto               10       0    to        25       0
Gold ditto                 20       0    to        60       0

 _Spectacles purchased at this Establishment exchanged if not approved_.

                      GLASSES FITTED TO SPECTACLES.

                                * * * * *



ST. ANN’S IRON WORKS,
KING STREET, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

                             THOS. SMITHDALE,

                   Engineer, Millwright, Boiler Maker,
                         Iron and Brass Founder.

                         [Picture: Steam engine]

Manufacturer of all kinds of Stream Engines on the most improved
principles, Hydraulic Presses adapted for all purposes, Cranes and Crabs,
Railway Work of all kinds; also Machinery suitable for Wind, Water, Gas,
Sawing, Grinding, and all other Works, Breweries, etc.

                    ENGINEER & MACHINISTS’ TOOL MAKER.

  _Planing_, _Boring_, _Turning_, _Screw Cutting_, _and Smith’s Forging_
                       _Work of every description_.

N.B. All kinds of Engines, Boilers, and General Machinery Repaired on the
Shortest Notice, by first-class workmen, and on reasonable terms.

                                * * * * *

                    Removed from the Back of the Inns.

                                ~~~~~~~~~



W. HALL,
ENGRAVER & LITHOGRAPHER,
22, WHITE LION STREET, NORWICH,
THREE DOORS FROM THE MARKET.


                                * * * * *



S. FENNING,
Ladies & Gentlemen’s Fashionable
BOOT AND SHOE MAKER
ORFORD HILL, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *



H. DURRANT,


                           GROCER, TEA-DEALER,

                    Cheese, Butter, and Bacon Factor,

                           BER STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



SARAH LAMB,


                        WIRE WORKER, WIRE WEAVER,

                 Corn Dressing and Blowing Machine Maker,

                     5, GOLDEN BALL STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

     _All sorts of Wire Screens_, _Sieves_, _Fire and Window Guards_.

                           WINDOW BLINDS, ETC.

    The Trade supplied with every article either complete or in parts.

                                * * * * *

                            NOTICE OF REMOVAL.

                                * * * * *

                             C. G. STARLING,
                             DRAPER, HOSIER,
                            HABERDASHER, ETC.

RETURNS his most sincere thanks to his numerous Patrons and Friends, for
their liberal support during the last two years, and begs to inform them
that he has REMOVED to more Commodious Premises,

                        No. 2, White Lion Street,
                              MARKET-PLACE,

Next door to Harvard and Co., late Black and Raynes, where he hopes to
have a continuance of their kind support.

                 No. 2, White Lion Street, Market-Place.

                                * * * * *

                  All who value a Beautiful Set of Teeth
                              should use the



AROMATIC TOOTH PASTE,
PREPARED BY
J. H. HULME,
CHEMIST AND DRUGGIST
AND SURGEON DENTIST,
Hall Plain, Saint Andrew’s,
NORWICH,


Which imparts delicious fragrance to the breath, and confers the most
signal benefit upon Spongy and Tender Gums, arising from whatever cause,
producing a healthy firmness; and not only cleansing the teeth but
preventing them from decay to the latest period of life, removing all
discolouration, and entirely eradicating all appearance of Tartar,
renders them of the most beautiful pearly whiteness.  Sold in Jars, 1s.
each.

     Teeth filled with a New Succedaneum, which preserves the Colour.
Extracting and Scaling and every operation connected with Dental Surgery.

         PRESCRIPTIONS DISPENSED WITH DRUGS OF THE PUREST QUALITY

 _Horse & Cattle Medicines_.  _Perfumery of every kind_.  _Genuine Patent
                      Medicines_.  _Leeches_, _&c._

                                * * * * *



6 Shirts for One Guinea.


                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                                 GENERAL
                       GLOVE, HOSIERY, & OUTFITTING
                              ESTABLISHMENT,
                         BRIGGS’ STREET, NORWICH,
                      (OPPOSITE THE SAVINGS’ BANK.)

                                * * * * *

                                 H. BIRD

Begs most respectfully to inform the Nobility, Clergy, Gentry, and
Inhabitants of Norwich and Norfolk, that he has taken the premises late
in the occupation of Mr. Smith, Bookseller, Stationer, &c., Briggs’
Street, where he hopes, by strict personal attention and supplying a
first-rate article, to merit a share of that patronage which he so
earnestly solicits.

                   One dozen Shirt Collars for 6s. 6d.

                                * * * * *



Alterative and Restorative
Horse Powders.


The flattering accounts which have been received from parties who have
tested the properties of these Powders, induce the Proprietor to call the
attention of Agriculturists and all who employ Horses, to this Medicine,
which has been found eminently successful in removing all diseases of the
skin, want of condition, hide-bound, surfeit, mange, &c. for improving
the coat and giving it a fine glossy appearance; also for Horses that are
heavy and incapable of work, or off their food, from indigestion or other
causes, or that have a tendency to grease, swelling, and humours of the
legs, or cracked heels; in all which cases this preparation will
gradually but certainly remove the disease.  When Horses are weakly, and
it would be an inconvenience to spare them from their regular work, these
Powders will be found eminently useful, as they may with great advantage,
be frequently substituted for purgative medicines.

              SOLD IN PACKETS, AT 1s. EACH, WITH DIRECTIONS.

                                * * * * *

                         Cough Balls for Horses.

These Balls are a most valuable remedy for Coughs, Colds, Difficulty of
Breathing, &c. whether of recent or long standing.  They are effectual in
their operation, require no alteration of diet, and do not interfere with
the horse’s regular work.  One Ball, given every other night, for three
or four times, is generally found sufficient to remove the most obstinate
Cough.

                IN PACKETS, 1s. 6d., CONTAINING SIX BALLS.

                   Prepared only by JAMES ORISSA PEGGS,

                  CHEMIST, GOLD IN BALL STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



HENRY DUFFIELD,
TAILOR & TROWSERS MAKER,
12, EXCHANGE STREET,
NORWICH.


                                * * * * *



THOMAS GOOD,


                           LADIES & GENTLEMEN’S

                    Boot, Shoe, and Last Manufacturer,

                       BRIDGE STREET, ST. GEORGE’S,

                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



H. BREEZE,


                               DYER, ETC.,

                   St. George’s Bridge Street, Norwich.
                  DYEING & DRESSING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.

     Ladies’ Shawls and Dresses of every description Cleaned, and the
            Colours of Printed ones warranted to be preserved.

                                * * * * *



J. NOBBS,


                        BOOT AND SHOE MANUFACTURER

                       Bridge Street, St. George’s,

                                 NORWICH.

            N.B.  ALL ORDERS EXECUTED ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

                                * * * * *



PHŒNIX BREWERY,
MAGDALEN STREET, NORWICH.


                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                           BOARDMAN & SURSHAM,

                                 BREWERS,

                      HOP, CORN, AND COAL MERCHANTS.

                           LONDON BROWN STOUT.

COUNTING HOUSE, WENSUM STREET.

                                * * * * *



BROWN AND WRIGHT,


                 Millwrights, Engineers, Stone Builders,

                        AND WORKERS OF BRASS, ETC.

                    UPPER KING STREET, NEAR ROSE LANE,

                                 NORWICH,

Having commenced Business in the above Trades, beg respectfully to inform
their Friends that all Orders entrusted to their care will be thankfully
received and promptly executed on the most reasonable terms.

                 MACHINERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION REPAIRED.

                                * * * * *



W. V. BULLEN,


                        CONFECTIONER & FRUITERER,

                     Grocer, Tea Dealer, Tobacconist

                            AND HAIR DRESSER,

                       GOLDEN BALL STREET, NORWICH.

_Every article of First-rate Quality_, _and charged at the Lowest Price_.

                MANUFACTURER OF GINGER BEER AND CORDIALS.

                                * * * * *



JOHN PHILLIPS,


                     Ale Brewer and Porter Merchant,

                       GOLDEN BALL STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

 Families supplied with Small Casks.  Scotch, Burton, and other Ales, in
                                 Bottles.

     _Importer of Foreign Wines and Spirits_, _Wholesale and Retail_.

Packages and Bottles to be paid for, unless returned within Three Months.

                                * * * * *

      ENGRAVING.          [Picture: Printing         LITHOGRAPHY
                               machine]
   _A Gentleman’s_                                  _Show Cards_,
     _Card Plate_                                   _Show Bills_,
     _Elegantly_                                _Fancy Labels_, _&c._
    _Engraved and_                                   _Ornamental_
  50 _Cards Printed_                               _Circulars and_
  _for_ 2_s._ 3_d._                                 _Fac Similes_.

                                                   ESTIMATES GIVEN.

EMSLIE AND SON,
Engravers, Chromo-Lithographers, & Copper-plate Printers,


                        BACK OF THE INNS, NORWICH,

                 OPPOSITE MR. WOMACK’S, MERCHANT TAILOR.

                                * * * * *



TEETH


                 CAREFULLY EXTRACTED, SCALED AND STOPPED.

                     TOOTHACHE INSTANTANEOUSLY CURED.

                    DECAY IN TEETH PROMPTLY ARRESTED.

                          WHEELER’S PREPARATIONS

Impart to the Teeth a pearly whiteness, to the Gums a beautiful
appearance, and to the Mouth a pleasant taste.  They prevent decay in
good Teeth, stop its progress in unsound ones, and strengthen and
preserve the Gums.

            Teeth Extracted Gratis for the Poor every Morning,

                      From Nine till Ten o’clock, by

                             FRANCIS WHEELER,

                   PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMIST AND DENTIST,
                    SWAN LANE, LONDON STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



CHARLES BRAY,


                      House and Decorative Painter,

                           PLUMBER AND GLAZIER,

                       ORFORD HILL, & CASTLE HILL,

                                 NORWICH.

       Imitator of Woods & Marbles.  Bronzing, Gilding, Japanning.

  _Crown_, _Sheet_, _Patent Plate_, _Rough_, _Cast_, _and Boiled Plate_,
          _Ornamental and Coloured Glass of every description_.

   Water Closets, Engine Pumps, Steam Apparatus, Baths, etc.  Fixed and
                                Repaired.

                                * * * * *



SMITH’S
APERIENT
FEVER POWDERS.


                                 FOR THE
                          DISEASES OF CHILDREN.

                                * * * * *

THESE powders are strongly recommended to general attention as being a
most appropriate Medicine for Children whilst cutting their teeth, and
for the relief of those derangements of the system to which during the
period of Infancy they are peculiarly the subjects, they also possess
this great advantage, that Children of all ages, and even Adults, may
take them with the same beneficial results.  Perhaps better testimony as
to their utility cannot be adduced, than the fact of their having been
extensively used for more than fifty years.  Directions for using the
Powders contained in each packet.

                   Sold in Boxes, at One Shilling each.

                    SMITH & SONS, DISPENSING CHEMISTS,

                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



THOMAS CALVER,
LADIES’ AND GENTLEMEN’S
Fashionable Boot & Shoe Maker
ST. GILES’ STREET,
NEAR THE MARKET-PLACE, NORWICH,


In returning his sincere thanks to his Friends and the Public, for the
liberal patronage hitherto received, begs to inform them that he has
removed FROM THE UPPER MARKET to more convenient premises in St. Giles’,
where he trusts to receive an increased share of their patronage and
support.

                                * * * * *



THOMAS WICKS,
PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL
WIRE WORKER,
TOMBLAND, NORWICH.


  _All Sorts of Wire Sieves_, _Screens_, _Riddles_, _Meat Safes_, _Wire
  Window Blinds_, _Fire and Window Guards_, _Flower Stands_, _and every
                   Article of Wire Work Made to Order_.

                                * * * * *



BANK PLAIN, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

                              JOHN SHALDERS,
                          (_Late WM. SHALDERS_)
                           HYDRAULIC ENGINEER,

                 PATENT FOUNTAIN PUMP, ENGINE, HYDRAULIC,
                            AND LEATHER WORKS.

                           SHALDERS’, NORWICH,
                          PATENT FOUNTAIN PUMPS,
                      POWERS No. 20, 4-inch Barrels.
                            JACK & LIFT FORCE
                    For Tanks, Cesspools, Wells, &c.,

Will draw water through any length of Suction Pipes, if not exceeding 28
feet high.

                             [Picture: Pump]

                               16th Scale.

                           AIR Regulator, A.R.

The Discovery of and method of adapting this Vessel by W. Shalders, is of
indispensible service in causing a continuous stream in long, high, or
contracted Suction Pipes.

                                * * * * *

_Copper-rivetted Leather Hose Pipes_.  _Spiral Rivetted Suction ditto_.
_Machinery Bands—Rounded Leather_, _Lathe_, _Sash_, _etc._, _Pulley
Bands_, _any length without joint_.  _Cupped Pump Bucket Leathers_,
_Flanch Ditto_, _etc._  _Metal_, _Wood_, _Gutta Percha_, _etc._, _Pipes_.
_Cocks_, _Joints_, _Valves_, _Retaining Valves_, _in easily accessible
Screw Boxes_; _Swivel Nut Brass Screw Couplings_, _Jet Pipes_, _Jets_,
_and other Hydraulic_, _etc._, _Fittings_.

                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

SHALDERS’ FOUNTAIN PUMPS are matchless, as fully TESTIFIED by being
adopted by other Pump Makers and Engineers for their own special use.

           Shalders’ Patent Norwich Pumps work without Friction
                      or Leakage, and do not Choke.

                                * * * * *

Thirty-four years’ practice has proved these _ne plus ultra Hydraulic
Machines_, in their _average results_, to be cent per cent the most
_effective and durable_, the _best_ and _cheapest_ of any in the _world_;
they are made to discharge from half a pint to a ton weight of water, at
a single clip or stroke, and are readily applied to any _motive power_ to
_draw_ or _force water_, _air_, or any not rapidly injurious _fluids_, in
any quantity, or to any _height_ or _distance_, for any purpose, by JOHN
SHALDERS, Manufacturer, and Sole Proprietor.

Descriptive                21            20            18         14
Sizes.
Powers.
Number
Sizes of the               3½             4             5          7
working Cone
Barrels,
Inches
Prices Net               30s.          35s.          50s.      110s.
Jacks
„ Engine or                60            70           110        200
Lift Forcers
on Planks
„ If with Air               5             5             6         10
Regulator,
extra
,, Connector &        1s. 8d.       2s. 3d.       3s. 0d.        5s.
Valve
Leathers, pr.
set
,, Lead or                1s.       1s. 4d.       2s. 2d.        3s.
Gutta Percha
Suction &
Rising Main
Pipes & Flanch
Joints from
per foot
Discharge at                              9            16         24
regular work,
per min.
gallons

              A Variety in Stock and made for all purposes.

                                * * * * *



JOHN MORRIS,


                             SLATE MERCHANT,

                               AND SLATER,

                          KING STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



If you like Strong Tea and Fresh Roasted
Coffee, at Low Prices, try
H. LOCK’S,
GROCER AND TEA DEALER,
9, ST. AUGUSTINE’S STREET, NORWICH.


             A Good Supply of Fine Fruits and Fancy Biscuits.

                                * * * * *



JAMES PEARSON,
(_From Sheffield_)
CUTLER & TRUSS MAKER,
ST. ANDREW’S HILL, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

   _Razors_, _Scissors_, _Knives_, _and Surgical Instruments carefully
         ground and set_.  _Table and Dessert Knives Re-Bladed_.

Home-made Blades fitted into Penknives, 6d. each.  Trusses and Cutlery of
       every description made to order.  Shoe-Kit made and re-cut.

                                * * * * *



HAINES BROTHERS,
FAMILY GROCERS,
AND PROVISION MERCHANTS,
58, ST. STEPHEN’S, NORWICH


           _Sole Agents in Norfolk for Brown & Colson’s Patent_
                           _Indian Corn Flour_.

                                * * * * *



124, Bedford Street, Saint Andrew’s,
NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

                              ABRAHAM PANK,
                               GAS FITTER,
                       BELL HANGER & BRASS WORKER,
                      BEER ENGINE & FOUNTAIN MAKER.

A. P. begs to inform his friends and the public that he has removed to
more commodious premises, which enables him to keep a larger assortment
of every description of Gas Fittings, Glasses, &c., of the newest
designs, for public and private buildings.

                       RE-BRONZING AND LACQUERING.
                         ALL KINDS OF BRASS WORK.

                                * * * * *



WALKER AND BIRD,
PRACTICAL
Sign & Decorative Painters,
WRITERS & GRAINERS,
TAYLOR’S COURT, SURREY STREET, NORWICH.


      _Heraldry_, _Altar Tablets_, _Scrolls_, _Banners_, _Gilding_,
                              _Enamelling_.
                 _Plain and Ornamental Japanning_, _etc._

                                * * * * *



THE OLD ESTABLISHED
BOOT & SHOE WAREHOUSE
Back of the Inns, Norwich.


                                * * * * *

                                C. H. BUCK

Presents his thanks to those Ladies and Gentlemen who have favoured him
with their patronage for so many years, and begs to assure all who may
give him their support, that he personally superintends all orders, and
warrants all goods supplied by him to be strictly home made.

                         REPAIRS NEATLY EXECUTED.

                                * * * * *



GEORGE MORRIS,
(LATE CORDRAN,)
COACH AND GIG MANUFACTURER
ADJOINING THE CAT & FIDDLE INN,
MAGDALEN STREET, NORWICH.


   _N.B._  _Any Orders conferred will be thankfully received and neatly
                 executed on the most reasonable terms_.

                                * * * * *



THOMAS SELF,
Gas Fitter, by Appointment to
the Company,


                BELL HANGER, BRASS WORKER & GENERAL SMITH

                       PLUMBER, GLAZIER, & PAINTER,

                       No. 112, POTTERGATE STREET,

           (Opposite St. John’s Maddermarket Church, Norwich,)

Begs respectfully to acknowledge the liberal support he has received of
his friends and the public generally during the period he has been in
business, and takes this opportunity of announcing that in consequence of
the Gas Company’s laying services free of expense, he is fitting up
either public or private premises with fittings cheaper than any other
house in Norwich, following up the principle of small profits and quick
returns.

  _Hydraulic_, _Cork Slide_, _and other Pendants_, _Lustres_, _Pillars_,
    _Brackets and other Fittings_, _Gas Globes_, _Chimney_, _and Bell
      Glasses_, _etc._, _of the Newest Designs_, _always in Stock_.

 The Trade Supplied.  Old Brass Work Repaired, Re-lacquered, and Bronzed.

                             ESTIMATES GIVEN.

                    NO CONNEXION WITH ANY OTHER HOUSE.

                                * * * * *



FREDERICK COGMAN,
TAILOR AND TROWSERS MAKER,


                        PRINCE’S STREET, TOMBLAND,
                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



PLUMMER & BLOOM,
CARPENTERS,
Builders and Contractors,
BETHEL STREET, NORWICH.


                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                DRAWINGS & ESTIMATES GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE.

  _N.B._  _Hot and Green Houses erected on the Shortest Notice and most
                            Reasonable Terms_.

                                * * * * *



CASTLE MEADOW, NORWICH.


                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                               G. C. GOOCH,
                        WATER CLOSET MANUFACTURER.

The most simple and yet efficient Water Closet yet manufactured, and not
liable to get out of order; the whole of the working parts can be
re-placed in after years for a few shillings.

G. C. G. would recommend to visitors, invalids, and lodging-house keepers
his Model Portable Water Closet.  It is perfectly seated, and cannot
possibly smell.  The cheapest and most complete yet brought before the
public.

 Estimates given for fixing Water Closets, and all necessary alterations

                      PAINTING, PLUMBING, & GLAZING.

                                * * * * *



ST. MARY’S STEAM GRIST MILL


                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

                          Messrs. Baldwin & Co.

Respectfully inform the public that they have established a Grist Mill,
with powerful and well-fitted machinery, worked by steam power; and
assure their patrons that all corn sent to them will be ground with the
utmost care and despatch, and that the fullest reliance may be placed in
Messrs. B. & Co. for returning precisely the same article as sent to
them.

                                * * * * *



T. C. R. KING,


                         TOMBLAND, & 5, ELM HILL,

                                 NORWICH,

                        PLUMBER, PAINTER, GLAZIER,

                       House and Church Decorator.

                                * * * * *

         Every description of work executed on the lowest terms.

                 VALVE PAN AND SELF-ACTING WATER CLOSETS.

 _Hot and Cold Baths_, _Fountains_, _Lead_, _Force_, _Deep Well and Cast
                     Iron Pumps Fixed and Repaired_.

              EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PLAIN & ORNAMENTAL GLASS,
                  AND GLASS FOR HORTICULTURAL PURPOSES.

                                * * * * *



THOMAS GREENGRASS,


                         BRICKLAYER & PLASTERER,

                        No. 9, ELM HILL, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

          Distemper, Whitewashing, & Colouring done on the most
                            Reasonable Terms.

                                * * * * *



ANN HOWES & SON,
TALLOW MELTERS,
AND
Candle Manufacturers,


BER STREET, NORWICH.
RESIDENCE, GRAPES HILL.

                                * * * * *



JOHN MASON,
BUTCHER,
GOLDEN BALL STREET, ST. JOHN’S TIMBERHILL
NORWICH,


Begs to return thanks to his Friends and the Public generally for the
liberal patronage he has received since commencing the above business,
and trusts by attention to all orders, and the quality of goods supplied
by him, to merit an increased share of their patronage and support.

              SAUSAGES FRESH EVERY DAY, WHOLESALE & RETAIL.

                                * * * * *



W. C. HOWES,
Plumber, Glazier, & General Decorator,
BER STREET, NORWICH.


  _Writing_, _Graining_, _& Gilding_.  _Paper-Hanging Neatly Executed_.

                   DESIGNS FURNISHED.  ESTIMATES GIVEN.

                ZINC & WIRE BLINDS PAINTED TO ANY DESIGN.

                                * * * * *



FLOUR, MALT, GRAIN, SCOTCH OATMEAL,
AND SEED STORES.


                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                                RANDLE’S,

                        10, UPPER MARKET, NORWICH.

                  COUNTRY ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

The cheapest house in the City for Rice, Haricot Beans, Pearl and Scotch
Barley, Revalenta, Mustard, and Starch.  Oats of the finest quality.
Barley Meal and other Meals for Pigs.  Pea Flour, Baking Powder, Oswego,
Polenta, Carr’s Biscuits, Cumberland Oatmeal, Infant Powder, Linseed
Meal, Dog Biscuits, Crushed Oats, Pollards of all kinds; and the best
house in the County for Best Whites Flour.

                           TEWKESBURY MUSTARD.

                                * * * * *



GEORGE LEACH,
GAS FITTER,
Bell Hanger, Brass Pounder, etc.


                  LOWER GOAT LANE, ST. GILES’, NORWICH,
                          ADJOINING MR. KERR’S.

 _All kinds of Brass Work neatly executed_.  _Lacquering & Bronzing equal
           to new_.  _Castings of every description executed_.

                  N.B.  BEST PRICE GIVEN FOR OLD METALS.

                                * * * * *

BIRMINGHAM                [Picture: Invalid           INVALIDS’
AND                           carriage]               CARRIAGES
SHEFFIELD GOODS                                     MADE TO ORDER.

                               T. BOSWELL,
                       PERAMBULATOR, TOY & CARRIAGE
                              MANUFACTURER,
                 No. 9, St. John’s Maddermarket, Norwich.

T. B. begs most respectfully to inform his Friends and the Public that he
has now on hand an assortment of Children’s Perambulators, Carriages, and
Fancy Toys of every description constantly on sale, on the most
reasonable terms.

               SHUTTLES, SNIPS, ETC., AT THE USUAL PRICES.

                                * * * * *



EDWARD BANHAM;
COMMERCIAL AGENT,
Fixture & Furniture Valuer and
Creditors’ Accountant.


 _Stocks Bought or Sold_.  _Businesses Transferred and Creditors arranged
                                  with_.

                VALUATIONS FOR PROBATE AND LEGACY DUTIES.
                    Office—Methwold, Brandon, Norfolk.

                                * * * * *



13, Charing Cross, Norwich,
ESTABLISHED 1851.
SAML. T. TOWNSHEND, JUN.,
WORKING
CARVER, GILDER,
Looking-Glass & Picture Framer Manufacturer,


 _The Best and Cheapest House for all kinds of Picture and Print Frames_,
             _Cornices_, _Gilt Mouldings_, _and Re-Gilding_.

                           THE TRADE SUPPLIED.

                 WORKMEN SENT TO ANY PART OF THE KINGDOM.

S. T. T. begs to return his most sincere thanks for all past favours, and
hopes by paying every attention, to merit a continuance of public
patronage, which will at all times be gratefully received.

                                * * * * *



MONEY ADVANCED
AT FIVE PER CENT.


                     _On Personal or other Security_,
                      FOR ONE, TWO, OR THREE YEARS,
                                  BY THE
                     London Monetary Advance Company

                          (LIMITED) IN SUMS FROM

                              £40 TO 1,000.

                       _Repayable by Instalments_.

TERMS and every required information may be obtained at the Company’s
Offices, 14, MANCHESTER SQUARE, LONDON; or of the Agent for Norwich and
Norfolk,

                              ALFRED SMITH,
                       Auctioneer and Estate Agent,
                       UPPER KING STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



HORTICULTURAL GARDENS,
NORWICH.


                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                              WILLIAM HUSSEY

Begs to offer the undermentioned, of which he possesses a large stock of
strong and healthy Plants, viz.  Rhododendron Ponticum, in varieties 1½
to 3 ft. high, well set with Flower Buds, at 6_d._ and 1_s._ each;
Pyramidal Pears, of the choicest sorts, from 1_s._ to 1_s._ 6_d._ each;
Dwarf-Trained Peaches, Nectarines, Apricots, Cherries, and Plums, 2_s._
6_d._ to 5_s._ each, and a general assortment of Evergreen Shrubs, also
the undernamed Bedding Plants, etc.

                         PER DOZEN.                              _s._    _d._
Ageratum, blue                                                      3       0
Anagallis, sorts                                                    4       0
Alonzoa grandiflora                                                 3       0
Cupheas, in sorts                                                   3       0
Cinerarias, by name                                                 6       0
Cineraria Maritima, fine for edging of beds                         4       0
Calceolarias, bedding varieties                                     3       0
Calceolaria aurea floribunda, fine dwarf yellow, large truss        4       0
Calceolaria, Yellow Prince of Orange, very fine dwarf yellow        4       0
Calceolaria, Prince of Orange, an excellent bedding variety         3       0
Camellias, from 2_s._ 6_d._ to 21_s._ each
Dahlias, sorts, from 3_s._ to                                       6       0
Delphinum Formosum, very fine                                       3       0
Fuchsias, sorts for bedding                                         4       0
Geraniums, mixed sorts                                              4       0
„ Flower of the Day                                                 3       0
Geranium, Golden Chain                                              4       0
Gorteria, rigens                                                    4       0
Heliotropes, sorts                                                  3       0
Hardy Ferns, sorts 6_s._ to                                        12       0
Herbaceous Plants, 4_s._ to                                         6       0
Koniza Variegata, pretty for edging                                 4       0
Lobelias, sorts 4s. to                                              6       0
Lantanias, sorts 4s. to                                             6       0
Œnothera riparia                                                    4       0
Pentstemons, sorts                                                  4       0
Pinks, sorts                                                        3       0
Picotees, for borders                                               4       0
Petunias, of sorts                                                  4       0
Scarlet and other Geraniums sorts 3_s._ to                          6       0
Salvias, sorts 4_s._ to                                             6       0
Verbenas, in colours for beds                                       3       0
„ Mixed Sorts, by name                                              2       6

             Descriptive Catalogues sent Free on Application.

                                * * * * *



Removing from the Castle Meadow, to
Little Orford Street.


                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                               THOMAS KEMP,
                         SADDLER & HARNESS MAKER,

In returning thanks to his Friends and the Public generally for their
liberal support, begs to inform them that he is removing to more
commodious premises, where he trusts to receive an increased share of
their patronage.

 _Every article in the above Trade of the best materials and workmanship
    made to order on the most reasonable terms_.  _Contracts taken for
                 repairing Farmer’s harness by the year_.

                                * * * * *



CULLINGFORD & SONS,
RAG MERCHANTS


                            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                           THOMAS CULLINGFORD,

                      Botolph Street, St. Saviour’s.

                   FRED. CULLINGFORD, WM. CULLINGFORD,
                ST. BENEDICT’S.                BER STREET.

_At the above Shops the Public may obtain the full market value for
Rags_, _and all articles used in the manufacture of Paper_, _&c._

                                * * * * *



PULLEN, MASE, & FURSE,


                      Sign and Decorative Painters,
                         Grainers, Writers, etc.

                        ST. LAWRENCE LANE, NORWICH

                                * * * * *

      _Heraldry_, _Altar Tablets_, _Scrolls_, _Banners_, _Gilding_,
                    _Enamelling_, _Japanning_, _etc._

                                * * * * *



JOHN STEVENS,
CIGAR MERCHANT AND TOBACCONIST,
BACK OF THE INNS, NORWICH.


    _Foreign Cigars of the Finest Brands_.  _Snuffs in every variety_.
  _Syrian_, _Turkish_, _and all the Tobaccos of the Levant and America_.

                 A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF MEERSCHAUM PIPES.

                                * * * * *



The Best Price Given for Household
Furniture and other Effects.


           _Innkeepers’ and other Valuations accurately made_.

             Cash Advanced on Property for immediate sale by
                               Auction, by

                               H. J. MASON,

             At the Auction Mart, Corner of Upper Goat Lane,
                 Opposite St. Gregory’s Church, Norwich.

                                * * * * *



T. GRIMWOOD,
CLOTHING EMPORIUM,
4, LOWER GOAT LANE, NORWICH.


                 STYLE, QUALITY, AND CHEAPNESS COMBINED.

                                * * * * *



EDMUND DEVEREUX,
PLUMBER, GLAZIER,
House and Ornamental Painter,
ST. GEORGE’S COLEGATE, NORWICH.


                            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

         Graining, Writing, Gilding, etc., of every Description.

                                * * * * *



To Executors, Shopkeepers, Parties Declining
Housekeeping, etc.


                              THOS. FOULSHAM

Begs to announce that he purchases every description of Property, giving
the utmost value for immediate Cash, thereby saving the delay and
uncertainty of an Auction.

_Valuations correctly made for Probate Duty_, _for Outgoing and Incoming
Tenants_, _with Dispatch_.  _Sales effected in City and Comity_, _on
Reasonable Terms_.

                       THOMAS FOULSHAM, AUCTIONEER,

                                               WESTLEGATE STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



GOLDEN DOG BREWERY,
MAGDALEN STREET, NORWICH.


                            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                              JAMES HUBBARD

Avails himself of this opportunity to tender his best thanks for the many
favours conferred on him for the last twenty years, and to state that the
greatest attention is paid to the BREWING DEPARTMENT, for supplying
Families with pure

                             HOME-BREWED ALE.

J. H. begs to state that his WINES AND SPIRITS are of the best quality;
also, that he has always ready for immediate use, a large stock of

               London Stout Porter, Scotch, East India, and
                      Home-brewed Ales, in Bottles.

                                * * * * *



WESTMINSTER FIRE OFFICE,
ESTABLISHED 1717,
AND
Westminster & General Life Assurance


                     ASSOCIATION.  ESTABLISHED 1836.

             J. M. HUBBARD, Agent, Magdalen Street, Norwich.

        _Prospectuses will be forwarded on application by letter_.

                                * * * * *



PIGGIN & DYBALL,
PRACTICAL
Opticians and Spectacle Manufacturers.


                      [Picture: Crystal Spectacles]

From their long and extensive practice in the science of Optics, Messrs.
PIGGIN and DYBALL are enabled to keep the largest and best assorted Stock
of Spectacles, Eye Preservers, Eye and Reading Glasses, in Norwich, and
from their practical knowledge of the science are able to suit, on
correct principles, every shade of impaired vision; and being
manufacturers of the same, can supply them on the most reasonable terms.

                                                _s._    _d._
Spectacles from                                    1       6
Best Steel Frames, with best Glasses & Case        4       6
Ditto ditto with best Pebbles & Case              12       6
Solid Gold Frames, with ditto „                   18       6

Eye Glasses to suit all sights, in Shell, Steel, and Gold Frames.  A
large Stock of Spectacle Cases of every description.  New Glasses to suit
the sight cut to old frames.

                        OPPOSITE THE POST-OFFICE,
                       POST-OFFICE STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



110, POTTERGATE STREET
Near St. John’s Church, Norwich.


                                * * * * *

                               C. ROBINSON,
                                PRACTICAL
                            CARVER AND GILDER,
              Picture frame and Looking Glass Manufacturer,

Begs to call the attention of his Patrons and Friends to his Stock of
Chimney & Dressing Glasses of the Newest Patterns, which he is enabled to
offer at Prices greatly below those usually charged, at the same time C.
R. can warrant them to be of first-class workmanship, as they are of his
own manufacture.  Gilt Cornices, Pier Tables, Chairs, Screens, and
Brackets made to order.  Pictures Cleaned and Varnished.  Old Prints
Bleached.  Needlework carefully Strained and Framed.

            Picture Frames of every description Made to Order.

                     OLD FRAMES RE-GILT EQUAL TO NEW.

Parties Furnishing, by paying cash, may insure a first-rate article and a
saving of 20 per cent. by giving their orders to C. R. Patterns and
Samples of every description of Furniture kept.  Old Couches and Chairs
Re-Stuffed, Covered, and Polished, at the lowest prices.

    _The Trade Supplied with Chair and Couch Frames at London Prices_.
      _Best Leaf Gold_, 1_s._ 4_d._ _per Book_.  _Old Books Bought_.

                                * * * * *



ST. GEORGE ASSURANCE COMPANY,
118, PALL MALL, LONDON, S.W.  CAPITAL £100,000.


        Chairman—HENRY POWNALL, Esq., Ladbroke Sure, Notting Hill.
        Deputy Chairman—HENRY HAINES, Esq., Moorgate Street, City.

                _The leading features of this Office are_—

Every description of Life Assurance on the most favourable terms.
Endowments for Husbands, Wives, or Nominees.  Endowments for Children on
attaining a certain age.  Annuities of every description granted on terms
peculiarly favourable.  Notices of Assignments of Policies Registered.
Medical Referees paid by the Company.  Age of the Life Assured admitted
on all Policies, on reasonable proof being given.  Stamp Duties on Life
Policies paid by the Company.  Loans on real or personal Security,
repayable by MONTHLY or QUARTERLY instalments, from one to five years.
For further particulars, Forms of Proposal and Prospectuses, apply to

                              G. S. BARDWELL, ST. STEPHEN’S ROAD, NORWICH,

  £80,000 _has been afforded in Loans of from_ £30 _to_ £1,000 _in less
    than five years_, _in connection with the St. George Advance Fund
                              Association_.

                                * * * * *



J. SCALES,
DEALER IN
ENGLISH TIMBER
CHAPEL FIELD ROAD, NORWICH.


                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Always on hand a large Assortment of Ash and other Planks, Spokes, Coffin
                   Boards, etc., Selling at Low Prices.

   [Picture: Searles door and card plates etc., Trory Street, Unthank’s
                              Road, Norwich]

                                * * * * *



MONEY ADVANCES.


                                * * * * *

                          Important to Farmers,
                           Tradesmen & others.

                                * * * * *

Sums in Money, varying in amount from £50 to £1,000, are advanced in
connection with Life Assurances, on personal or other security, at a rate
of Interest not exceeding £5 per cent. per annum.

         _For Prospectuses and Forms of Application_, _apply to_

                              MR. O. D. RAY,

                          KING STREET, NORWICH,

                               AGENT TO THE

                                PROTECTOR
                        ENDOWMENT, LOAN, & ANNUITY
                                 COMPANY.

                                * * * * *



O. D. RAY,
Auctioneer, Estate Agent, & Valuer,
11, UPPER KING STREET,
NORWICH.


Valuations for Probate on reasonable terms.  Drapers’, Grocers’, and
General Stocks Valued.

                                * * * * *



Wholesale Embroidery Warehouse,
29, LONDON STREET, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

                                J. GANLY,

The only Manufacturer in the Eastern Counties, supplies the trade with
every description of

                        Traced and Stamped Muslins

                     PRICE LIST FREE ON APPLICATION.

  _All Orders to the amount of_ 20_s._ _carriage paid_, _or_ 5 _per cent
                                for cash_.

                                * * * * *



W. F. HOWARD,
CARPENTER & BUILDER


                            BISHOPGATE STREET,

                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



W. S. HARVEY,
PLUMBER, GLAZIER,
HOUSE & DECORATIVE PAINTER,
WILLIAM STREET.


            Residence—Wellington Street, St. Giles’, Norwich.

                                * * * * *

       WATER CLOSETS & PUMPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION FIXED & REPAIRED.

                                * * * * *



NORFOLK AND NORWICH
SEED, FLOWER, AND FRUIT
ESTABLISHMENT,
41, LONDON ST., NORWICH


                                * * * * *

                               DAVID BROWNE

Begs to intimate that he has always in Stock, Choice Assortments of
Agricultural, Vegetable, and Flower Seeds.  Also a Selection of the best
Dessert Fruits in the Season.

                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

             Desserts for the Country carefully selected, and
                      packed to travel any distance.

                             CHOICE BOUQUETS

          _Arranged and Packed for conveyance to any locality_.

              FRUIT AND FOREST TREES, GREENHOUSE PLANTS, &c.

                                * * * * *

D. B. begs to say that he has a large collection of Choice Fruit Trees
and Shrubs, Greenhouse and Bedding Plants, &c., at his Nursery,
Sprowston.

    _The following Catalogues are published by D. BROWNE_, _and will_
          _be forwarded on application_, _viz._—_A Catalogue of_

                        TRANSPLANTED FOREST TREES,
                  ORNAMENTAL TREES & SHRUBS, EVERGREENS,
                   LARGE EVERGREENS & FLOWERING SHRUBS,
                    HARDY CLIMBERS, FRUIT TREES, &c.,
                 AGRICULTURAL, VEGETABLE, & FLOWER SEEDS,
                             DUTCH BULBS, &c.
                   SUMMER BEDDING PLANTS, WITH DAHLIAS,
               FUCHSIAS, GERANIUMS, HERBACEOUS PLANTS, &c.

                                * * * * *



ESTABLISHED THIRTY YEARS.


                                * * * * *

                             WILLIAM FULCHER,

                     General Millwright and Engineer,

                        MILL STONE BUILDER, ETC.,
                        MOUSEHOLD, NEAR GAS WORKS,
                         THORPE HAMLET, NORWICH,

Begs to thank his Friends and the Public for the very liberal support
they have so generously favoured him with, and to inform them that they
can be supplied with every description of Mill Stones, etc.

   _Millwrights’ Work done on the most reasonable terms at the shortest
                                 notice_.

                                * * * * *



ROBERT TIDMAN,
BOILER MAKER, MACHINIST,
AND GENERAL SMITH,
BISHOP BRIDGE, NORWICH,


Desires to express his thanks for the patronage he has received in the
various branches of his business, and begs to inform the public that his
work continues to give the utmost satisfaction for price and quality to
all his customers.  He therefore confidently solicits a further extension
of their favours.

 Threshing Machines made on the best and newest principles, and repaired
                     at the lowest possible charges.

    _Iron Tanks_, _strong and durable_, _made on the shortest notice_.

                                * * * * *



JOSEPH WRIGHT & SON,
PLUMBERS, PAINTERS, GLAZIERS
MISSION PLACE, KING STREET,
SAINT JULIAN, NORWICH.


JOSEPH WRIGHT begs to thank his Friends and the Public for the liberal
support he has received for more than 30 years, and to inform them that
the business is now conducted by himself and son, and he solicits a
continuance of their patronage & support.

               WRITING GRAINING, &c. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

                                * * * * *

                    [Picture: Drawing of steam train]



HENRY JARVIS,
GENERAL
CARRIER & CARMAN,
LUCAS’S WHARF,
NEAR THORPE RAILWAY STATION, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

              Goods Removed by Railway or Spring Vans to all
                   parts of the Kingdom.  GOODS STORED.

                         TARPAULING LET ON HIRE.

                                * * * * *



JAMES SPALDING,
FRENCH POLISHER,
(ESTABLISHED FOURTEEN YEARS)
(From Smees & Sons, Moorfields, Finsbury, London)


                           SAINT ANDREW’S HILL,
                                 NORWICH,

Begs to thank his Friends and the Public for the very liberal support
conferred on him for the last fourteen years.

           French Cream, for restoring the Lustre of Furniture,
                           2s. 6d. per Bottle.

          _Superior Furniture Oil for Dining Table Tops_, _&c._

      POLISH AND VARNISH OF EVERY DESCRIPTION WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

          CONTRACTS TAKEN FOR BUILDERS’ & DECORATORS’ WORK, ETC.

      _Experienced Workmen sent to all parts of the Kingdom on the_
                            _Shortest Notice_.

                                * * * * *



BY ROYAL LETTERS PATENT.


                        [Picture: Sawing machine]

  Awarded the SILVER MEDAL at the NORFOLK AGRICULTURAL SHOW at Norwich.



SPARKE AND CO., ENGINEERS,
THORN LANE FOUNDRY, NORWICH,


    Invite the attention of Agriculturists, Shippers, Contractors, and
                             others, to their
                 PATENT SELF-ACTING CIRCULAR SAW BENCHES.

These Benches are fitted with a New Apparatus for drawing timber to and
from the Saw, so simple that it can be managed and the speed instantly
regulated.  They are also fitted with a draft chain, perfectly free in
the delivery, which can only draw parallel to the saw.  They are adapted
to cut any description of wood; rough timber merely requiring to have
each end chipped with an axe, to give it a steady bearing on the table
and carriage.  The carriages are fitted with a lever roll, to enable the
man who works the bench to raise the timber on the carriages to carry it
beyond the saw; they are also fitted with an improved gauge, to cut
either parallel or feather edge boards; for deal cutting a spring roll is
sent to press the deals against the gauge, so that a true cut is
obtained, however uneven the surface and with as little waste as the
common pit saw.

Any of these benches may be worked by power from 4-horse upwards, as the
speed for bringing the timber to and from the saw is regulated according
to the power used, they are also fitted with a lever so as to stop or
reverse the motion of the timber instantaneously (a necessary precaution
in case of accident); they are suitable for cutting timber on estates,
for timber merchants, contractors, or builders’ purposes, as timber of
any length and depth, according to the diameter of the saw, may be cut
perfectly true.  (_See next Page_.)

                                * * * * *



BY ROYAL LETTERS PATENT


               [Picture: Sparke & Co.’s vertical saw mill]

                    SPARKE & CO.’S VERTICAL SAW MILL.

These Mills are very strong, fitted with 6 saws, and are made to cut two
deals at one time; the Saws are worked by a simple motion which
considerably lessens the working parts of the mill, and adds to its
compactness; it can be readily fixed, as the mill is firmly bolted to a
metal base plate.  They are made in two sizes, for cutting 18 inches and
12 inches deep.  A smaller mill on the above principle, for cutting
felloes and curves.

                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

  _The following Noblemen and Gentlemen have been supplied with our Saw
     Machinery_, _where it may be seen_, _at work_, _by permission_.

The Earl of Crawford & Balcarres, Wigan
Lord Hastings, Melton Constable, Norfolk
Lord Sondes, Elmham Hall, Norfolk
Lord Portman, Blandford, Dorset
H. K. Tompson, Witchingham Hall, Norfolk
T. P. Beauchamp, Esq., Langley Park, Norfolk
E. Bulwer, Esq., Heydon Hall, Norfolk
T. Mott, Esq., Barningham Hall, Norfolk
W. C. Hardy, Esq., Letheringsett Hall, Norfolk
C. Newcome, Esq., Feltwell Hall, Norfolk
H. L. Warner, Esq., Walsingham Abbey
Messrs. Hornsby & Sons, Grantham, Lincoln
Messrs. Clayton, Shuttleworth, & Co., Lincoln
Mr. M. Penistan, Engineer, Lincoln
Messrs. Garrett & Sons, Saxmundham, Suffolk
Messrs. Dray & Co., Swan Lane, London
Messrs. Ransomes & Sims, Engineers, Ipswich
Count Edouard Karolyi, Pesth, Hungary
Sir W. Trevalyan Bart., Taunton, Somerset
Henry Hannam, Esq., Burcote Park, Abingdon
J. T. Bouck, Esq., Manchester
Messrs. Cooper & Wallis, Birchfield, Birmingham
Mr. Stephen Leeds, Whitwell, Norfolk
Mr. James Kett, Earlham, Norfolk
Mr. George Salter, Attleborough, Norfolk
Mr. John Martin, Barmer, Norfolk
Mr. Wm. Hubbard, Contractor, East Dereham
Mr. James Clarke, Felbrigg, Norfolk
Mr. J. Bowles, Palgrave, Suffolk
Mr. Samuel Darby, Merchant, Beccles, Suffolk
Mr. Samuel Blaxhill, Walpole, Suffolk
Mr. J. Howard, Saw Mills, Drayton, Norfolk
Messrs. Rushton, Proctor, & Co., Lincoln
Mr. Thomas Wells, Chatham

  _Illustrated Catalogues and List of Prices forwarded on application_.

                                * * * * *



CITY
SAWING, PLANING,
AND
MOULDING MILLS,
PALACE PLAIN, NORWICH


                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                              SAUL & FRAZER

In returning thanks for the liberal patronage bestowed upon them during
the past seven years, beg to say that at the request of a large number of
their friends, they have added to their Machinery

                      A MOULDING & PLANING MACHINE,

With all the latest improvements, by which they are now enabled to supply
Mouldings, &c. of superior quality to any pattern, at a very short
notice, and on the most reasonable terms.

          A Large Stock of Mouldings & Skirtings always on hand.

               SAWING & PLANING DONE IN A SUPERIOR MANNER.

       STOVES.           [Picture: Drawing of          Fenders.
                               fender]
       STOVES.                                        Fireirons.

       STOVES.                                         Fenders.

                                                      Fireirons.

And every article in Furnishing Ironmongery at a trifling per centage
above cost price, in order to effect a clearance previous to alterations
in premises.

                                H. PINSON,

                     OPPOSITE GURNEYS’ BANK, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



NORWICH FOUNDRY.


                                * * * * *



J. M. TURNER,
IRON AND FORGE WORKS,
St. Martin’s Palace Plain, Norwich.


                                * * * * *



W. PAYNE,
WHOLESALE
SHOE MANUFACTURER,
SHORT STREET, CROOK’S PLACE,
NORWICH.


                                * * * * *



WILLIAM SCOTT,
PLUMBER, GLAZIER,
House, Sign, and Ornamental Painter,
Writer, Gilder, and Grainer,


                     LEAD AND WINDOW GLASS MERCHANT,

                      Bedford Street, St. Andrew’s,

                                 NORWICH.

                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Water Closets, various descriptions of Pumps, Hot and Cold Water Baths,
Fancy Fountains, Beer Engines Fixed and Repaired.  Plumbers’ Brass Work,
Sheet Lead, Lead Pipe, etc.  Crown, Sheet, British Plate, Patent Plate,
Coloured and Ornamental Glass, cut in squares to order.

                          WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

                                * * * * *

                     [Picture: C. G. Starling’s shop]



CHARLES G. STARLING,


                                 GENERAL

                                 DRAPER,

                          HOSIER & HABERDASHER,

                        No. 2, White Lion Street,

                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

                     Two Doors from the Market-Place.

                                * * * * *



NORWICH UNION
LIFE INSURANCE SOCIETY.


                          A MUTUAL ASSOCIATION.

                             INSTITUTED 1808.

                                * * * * *

                      CAPITAL, UPWARDS OF £2,000,000

                                * * * * *

                                 PATRONS.

                  His Grace the Duke of CLEVELAND, K. G.
                The Right Hon. the Earl of ROSEBERY, K. T.

                                TRUSTEES.

ROBT. JOHN HARVEY HARVEY, Esq.
W. J. UTTEN BROWNE, Esq.
JOHN SKIPPER, Esq.
ROGER KERRISON, Esq.
                                DIRECTORS.
JOHN WRIGHT, Esq., President
GEORGE DURRANT Esq., Vice-Pres.
JOHN HILLING BARNARD, Esq.
C. M. GIBSON, Esq., F.R.C.S.
W. R. CLARKE, Esq.
W. H. RANKING, Esq., M.D., Cantab.
FRANK NOVERRE, Esq.
RICHARD GRIFFIN, Esq.
THOMAS BEEVOR, Esq., Vice-President
R. BLAKE HUMFREY, Esq.
DR. GOODWIN
JOHN BARWELL, Esq.
FRANCIS PARMETER, Esq.
R. W. HAWKES, Esq.
GEO. EDWARD FRERE, Esq., F.R.S.
ROBERT JOHN WRIGHT, Esq.
ROBERT FITCH, Esq.
Rev. S. F. BIGNOLD
W. H. CLABBURN, Esq.
THOMAS LUCAS, Esq.
REV. WILLIAM WAYMAN

          Secretary, SIR SAMUEL BIGNOLD, Surrey Street, Norwich.

                   Solicitors, Messrs. FIELD & BIGNOLD.
     Auditors, Mr. A. BAILEY, Mr. JAMES R. HARDY, & Mr. J. J. WINTER.

                                * * * * *

This Society has been established FIFTY-ONE YEARS, during which period it
has issued 31,500 Policies, and paid to the representatives of 6617
deceased members £5,448,264 sterling.

To meet existing engagements, the Society possesses funds amounting to
upwards of Two MILLION POUNDS STERLING, almost wholly invested on Real
and Government Securities.

The Rates of Premium are lower than those of some offices by nearly 10
per cent., a benefit in itself equivalent to an Annual Bonus.

There is no Proprietary to divide with the Assured the profits of this
Institution, which is one of the very few purely Mutual Insurance
Offices.  Persons, therefore, now effecting Insurances will receive the
full benefit of the system, and will be entitled to participate in the
large reserves of the Society, which are applicable for future Bonuses.

One-half of the first five Annual Premiums may remain as a permanent
charge upon the Policies granted for the whole duration of life.

                   NO CHARGE IS MADE FOR POLICY STAMPS.

                         ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                  Chief Offices, Surrey Street, Norwich;

6, _Crescent_, _Bridge Street_, _Blackfriars_, _London_; _College Green_,
              _Dublin_; _and Prince’s Street_, _Edinburgh_.

                                * * * * *

_The benefits to be derived by the Public from Insurance against Loss by
Fire are so great and numerous_, _when compared with its trifling cost_,
_as to render it an imperative duty on every one to avail themselves of
the protection afforded by this Institution_, _against the destructive
ravages of Fire_, _which in a few moments may lay waste the fruits of a
whole life of industry_.

                                * * * * *



NORWICH UNION
FIRE INSURANCE SOCIETY.


                  Established 1821.  Capital, £550,000.

                                * * * * *

                            PRINCIPAL OFFICES:
                         SURREY STREET, NORWICH.

            London, 6, Crescent, New Bridge St., Blackfriars.

          DUBLIN, 2, COLLEGE GREEN.  EDINBURGH, PRINCE’S STREET.

                        LIVERPOOL—EXCHANGE STREET.

  _Birmingham_, _Bennett’s Hill_.  _Bristol_, _Corn Street_, _Exchange_,
                         _Exeter_, _High Street_.

                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                                DIRECTORS.

              Lieut. Gen. SIR R. J. HARVEY, C.B., President.

CHAS. EVANS, ESQ., Chancellor of    JOHN WRIGHT, ESQ.
the Diocese of Norwich,
Vice-President                      HENRY BROWNE, ESQ.

EDWARD STEWARD, ESQ.                WALES C. HOTSON, ESQ.

GEORGE DURRANT, ESQ.                CHARLES EDWARD TUCK, ESQ.

R. J. H. HARVEY, ESQ.               DONALD DALRYMPLE, ESQ.

H. S. PATTESON, ESQ.                W. R. CLARKE, ESQ.

          Secretary, SIR SAMUEL BIGNOLD, Surrey Street, Norwich.

Insurances are granted by this Society, at the same Rates as other
Offices, on buildings, goods, merchandise, and effects, ships in port,
harbour, or dock, from loss or damage by Fire, in any part of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

It is provided by the constitution of the Society, that the insured shall
be free from all responsibility; and to guarantee the engagements of the
Office, a fund of £550,000 has been subscribed by a numerous and opulent
Proprietary.  Returns of Profits are periodically made to parties
insuring.

                                * * * * *



CHEAP PRINTING.


                                * * * * *

                             M. G. BARDWELL,
                               LETTER-PRESS
                          PRINTER & BOOK-BINDER
                        PRINCE’S STREET, TOMBLAND,
                                 NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

        Circulars, Cards, Billheads & Handbills Executed with the
                 utmost despatch, at the lowest charges,

                       POSTING BILLS OF EVERY SIZE.

              _Contracts for Printing of every description_.

                                * * * * *



EDWARD BOARDMAN,
CARPENTER
AND
GENERAL BUILDER,
FOUNDRY BRIDGE, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

E. B. (Son of the late James Boardman, Wharfinger) begs to solicit from
the gentry and public generally, orders for works in the ABOVE LINE, and
undertakes

Alterations of whatever kind,
The Fittings and Finishings of Houses,
Conservatories, complete
Shop Fronts and Fittings, &c.
General Repairs to Houses, Premises, Furniture, etc.

And guarantees good material, workmanship, despatch, and moderate
charges.

E. B. can refer to many Public and Private Buildings he has erected, and
others which he has superintended for an eminent London Building Firm,
with whom he was many years engaged.

             Estimates given for any of the aforesaid Works.

                                * * * * *



General Posting House,
THE MAID’S HEAD HOTEL
SAINT SIMON’S, NORWICH.
W. WEBSTER, PROPRIETOR.


                            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The “MAID’S HEAD,” an Old-Established Hotel, is the nearest to the
Cathedral, and from its proximity to the Railway Station, offers special
advantages to Commercial Gentlemen and Families visiting the City.

                 Post Horses, Neat Carriages, Hearse and
                          Mourning Coaches, etc.

                                * * * * *



PRATT,
IMPORTER OF
American and other Clocks,
OF THE BEST MAKERS,
ST. BENEDICT’S STREET, NORWICH.


                                * * * * *

 _Oil Paintings in great variety_.  _Papier Machie Goods_, _consisting of
        Ladies’ Work Boxes_, _Writing Desks_, _Tea Caddies_, _&c._

      A Well-assorted Stock of Looking-Glasses, Waiters, Trays, etc.

                      CUTLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

Spectacles to suit all sights.  Watches & Clocks repaired on the premises

 _Payments taken Weekly or Monthly_.  _Country Orders will receive prompt
                               attention_.

                                * * * * *



MR. FRANK NOVERRE,


          Has the honour of announcing his NORWICH ACADEMIES for

                           DANCING & EXERCISES,

 In his NEW BALL and CONCERT ROOM, _at his Residence_, _Theatre Square_.

_Young Ladies_ and _Little Boys_, Tuesdays, at _Eleven_.

_Young Ladies_ and _Gentlemen_, Tuesdays and Thursdays, at _Four_.

                           ATTENDANCE WEEKLY AT

_Yarmouth_, Dene Side, Theatre Square; _Lynn_, Athenæum; _Lowestoft_,
_Beccles_, _Dereham_, _Fakenham_, _North Walsham_, _Aylsham_, _Thetford_,
_Wymondham_, _Pulham_, _Snettisham_, _Margate_, _&c._

                         THEATRE SQUARE, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *



A HOME FROM HOME.


                                * * * * *



SUTTON’S


                             Late BENNETT’S,

                             COMMERCIAL HOTEL

                                   AND

                             BOARDING HOUSE,

                         Exchange Street, Norwich

                 _Near the Post-Office and Market-Place_.

                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The above Establishment has been recently enlarged, and is specially
adapted for COMMERCIAL GENTLEMEN.

                           Show Room, Bath Room

                        Smoking Room, Luggage Room

                                   AND

                       Private Rooms for Families.

                      SERVANTS CHARGED IN THE BILL.

                     Omnibus to and from every Train.

                                * * * * *

                    A VISIT IS RESPECTFULLY SOLICITED.

                                * * * * *



HOUSEHOLD TRUTHS
FOR THE PEOPLE.


    Designed as Gifts from Parents to their Children—Teachers to their
  Scholars—Mistresses to their Servants—and Masters to their Workpeople.

                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    “This is the best Series of Original Tracts for Working Men and their
      Families that has come under our notice for many years.”—_British
                            Workman_, _Oct._ 1857.

                         ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                             HOUSEHOLD TRACTS
                             FOR THE PEOPLE.

                              TWOPENCE EACH.

* COTTAGE HOMES.  _For Mothers_.
* MOTHER’S TRIALS & TRIUMPHS.  _For Mothers_.
* THE STARTING IN LIFE.  _For Boys_.
* THE HAPPY LIFE.  _For Girls_.
* MY FIRST PLACE.  _For Young Servants_.
* HOW DO YOU MANAGE THE YOUNG ONES?  _For Parents_.
* HOW TO TAKE CARE OF NUMBER ONE.  _For Young Men_.
* Are YOU THINKING of GETTING MARRIED?  _Words to the Thoughtless and the
Thinking_.
WORKING MEN’S HINDRANCES.  _Set Forth by a Working Man_.
* THE WORTH OF FRESH AIR.  _For Everybody_.
* THE USE OF PURE WATER.  _For Everybody_.
THE VALUE OF GOOD FOOD.  _For Everybody_.
INFLUENCE of WHOLESOME DRINK.  _For Everybody_.
ADVANTAGE OF WARM CLOTHING.  _For Everybody_.
GAIN OF A WELL-TRAINED MIND.  _For Everybody_.
A SHORT YARN.  _For Sailors_.
* DAUGHTERS FROM HOME.
* HOUSEHOLD RHYMES for the CHILDREN.
HOW TO MAKE THE MOST OF THINGS.
THE YOUNG MAN IN THE GREAT CITY.

                              _Just Ready_.

Those with * are also issued in elegant Illuminated Covers, at 3d. each.

                                 SCIENCE
                            FOR THE HOUSEHOLD.

                              TWOPENCE EACH.

THE GREAT ROUND WORLD.
THE WIDE AND DEEP SEA.
BUSY-BODY OXYGEN.
THE INVISIBLE AIR.
THE INCONSTANT WIND.
THE RENOVATING RAIN.

                            ATTRACTIVE VOLUMES
                         FOR PRIZES OR PRESENTS,
                 Handsomely bound in cloth, 1s. 6d. each.

HOUSEHOLD TRUTHS FOR MOTHERS AND DAUGHTERS.
HOUSEHOLD TRUTHS FOR WORKING MEN.
HEALTH FOR THE HOUSEHOLD.

                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Household Tracts in their various forms are peculiarly suitable to
the Clergy, School Committees, Sunday School Teachers, and the public
generally, as gifts for the Working Classes.

                              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                              THE PACKET OF
                         12 HOUSEHOLD GIFT BOOKS,

Being the Twelve assorted Household Tracts, in elegant Illuminated
Covers, and attractive Embossed Envelope, price 3s., is now ready, and
should be on every Bookseller’s Counter.

        Six of the above, Assorted, in Embossed Envelope, 1s. 6d.

                                * * * * *

    “It has often been lamented that ‘popular tracts,’ so called, are not
    really popular in their style, and in their manner of dealing with
    practical subjects.  Our experience teaches us that the complaint is
    well founded, and we are happy to have it in our power to point out
    to our readers a very useful series of TRACTS FOR THE PEOPLE,
    published by Messrs. JARROLD AND SONS, of London and Norwich, which
    are more really ‘popular’ in their style, and more likely to interest
    and benefit the ‘working classes,’ and the class immediately above
    them, than any other tracts which we have met with on the same
    subject.  There is a strong vein of common sense, and some humour
    running through them.  The print and paper are very good—their
    appearance is attractive—and their price very low.”—_English
    Churchman_.

    Letters in high commendation of these original and popular Tracts
    have been received from LORD CHIEF JUSTICE CAMPBELL; the ARCHBISHOP
    OF DUBLIN; CHARLES BUXTON, ESQ., M.P.; CANON HUGH STOWELL,
    Manchester; the EARL OF RADNOR; the REV. JOHN ROBINSON, one of the
    Secretaries of the London City Mission; the REV. J. C. MILLER, Rector
    of St. Martin’s, Birmingham; the REV. SAMUEL MARTIN, Westminster; the
    REV. C. H. SPURGEON, London; the REV. A. ROBERTS, Rector of
    Woodrising, Norfolk; from SIR CULLING E. EARDLEY, BART.:
    Vice-Chancellor SIR W. PAGE WOOD, BART., &c.  (_For a Selection see
    Prospectuses_.)  They have also been favourably noticed in the
    “_British Mothers’ Magazine_,” “_Sunday School Teacher’s Magazine_,”
    and by the leading Periodical Press.

            LONDON: JARROLD & SONS, 47, ST. PAUL’S CHURCHYARD.

                                * * * * *



JARROLD & SONS,


                      (PRINTERS OF THIS DIRECTORY,)

 INVITE special attention to the following DEPARTMENTS of their Business.

                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                                PRINTING.

By the Introduction of STEAM POWER and a STEREOTYPE FOUNDRY into their
Working Plant, J. & SONS are enabled to combine cheapness and expedition,
without the slightest sacrifice of superior workmanship.  They have now
in operation Machinery suitable for the finest book work, as well as for
the ordinary requirements of commercial enterprize, such as HANDBILLS,
SHOP BILLHEADS, TEA WRAPPERS, &c.

The very large number of Compositors and Pressmen engaged upon their
Printing Staff, enables them to offer especial advantages to Solicitors,
Auctioneers, Architects, &c., to whom _expedition_ is mainly essential.

       Manuscripts of every kind carefully prepared for the Press.

                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                              BOOK-BINDING.

In this department arrangements have recently been made for conducting
the entire business on the Premises; from Folding and Sewing the sheets
by female assistants, to the Gilding and Finishing by competent workmen.
In

                         ACCOUNT BOOK MANUFACTURE

JARROLD & SONS are enabled to compete with the first London Houses, as
the extensive patronage of the leading Merchants in the district
satisfactorily attests.

      Books Ruled to any Pattern, & Type-paged by Superior Machines.

                                * * * * *

                     ESTIMATES FURNISHED IF REQUIRED.

                                * * * * *

                 Commercial, Family, and Law Stationery.

From their extensive purchases for cash, and the peculiar Advantages of
Machinery for Cutting, Stamping, &c., JARROLD & SONS supply their friends
at prices much lower than the _pseudo_ cheap London advertising houses.

                   LONDON & EXCHANGE STREETS, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *




FOOTNOTES.


{2}  Hugh Bigod, the grandson, materially promoted the accession of
Stephen to the throne, but afterwards espousing the cause of Matilda,
gave utterance to the well-known triplet—

    “Were I in my castle of Bungay,
    Upon the river Waveney,
    I would na care for the king of Cockney.”

Two of the family subscribed their names to Magna Charta; another was the
spokesman of the barons combined against Henry the Third; while the last
earl flatly refused to accompany Edward the First in his French campaign,
that king having laid heavy and illegal tollages on the country.




***END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ROGERS' DIRECTORY OF NORWICH AND
NEIGHBOURHOOD***


******* This file should be named 64006-0.txt or 64006-0.zip *******


This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/6/4/0/0/64006


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org 

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary 
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

